Michael and Madison Roland have a seemingly perfect marriage, and are celebrating their first wedding anniversary. Madison brings up that she wants to start a family together but Michael becomes irritated as he does not want to start a family. Michael visits his mother’s grave and talks to her headstone, it is revealed his mother and his father died the same year, and later it becomes known that they died in a murder-suicide.  Michael is happy when Madison quits her job to become a full time wife. Madison finds a vial of steroidal testosterone which Michael has been taking in order not to get her pregnant. She confronts him, they argue, and he slaps her, knocking her to the ground. On a separate night, Michael rapes Madison after he becomes irrationally angry at her during an office party.  Later, Madison excitedly shows her friend, Chelsea, a positive pregnancy test. Four months later, Madison secretly gets a job working with Chelsea, and confides in her that Michael has questioned the paternity of the baby, and has been abusive. Horrified, Chelsea tries to get Madison to go to the police, but Madison refuses and tries to rationalize the situation. One night, Michael and Madison are driving home from dinner, and he is upset and he pulls over. She gets out of the car, telling Michael she is calling an Uber, and he forces her back into the car saying that he won't live without her.  The abuse continues, and Madison is unable to hide the bruises at work. Chelsea reports what is going on to the police, and starts researching options for Madison. Madison, now six months pregnant, packs a bag to go stay at Chelsea's and manages to get away from Michael when he attacks her by smashing a vase over his head, but wrecks the vehicle shortly after driving away. The doctor tells Michael she died during surgery, and that the baby couldn’t be saved either.  Madison is still alive and in a flashback, it is shown how Chelsea helped her stage the accident and death to get away from Michael. The doctor at the hospital was a hired actor, and Madison took out a life insurance policy, making Chelsea the beneficiary to fund her new life. Madison relocates, gets a waitressing job, and uses a fake name, Kate Smith. Madison meets her next door neighbor Alex, a widower, and his six-year-old daughter, Rachel, and he invites her over for pie, and they hit it off. Madison and Alex get closer, as he helps her prepare for the birth of her son. Alex begins to suspect that all is not what it seems, and she tells him the truth about her life.  Michael is tipped off about Madison still being alive when he gets a call from Madison's job about her not picking up her final paycheck. Through the call, Michael also discovers there is no record of her death. Michael has Rob start looking into it, and goes to see Chelsea, realizing she was involved. Madison has her baby, and names him “Peace”. Elsewhere, Chelsea is leaving the hospital, and Michael appears and forces her to drive to Madison's house at gun point.  Alex takes Madison and Peace home from the hospital. Michael goes in the house as Madison takes a shower. Alex comes by, and Michael threatens to kill him if Madison tips him off. She holds it together, but Alex figures out that something is wrong, and bursts through the door and has a fist fight with Michael. Michael strangles Alex, but Madison convinces Michael not to kill him, by faking Michael out about reconciling with him, and stabs him in his side with a knife. She calls for help, and manages to get the handgun Michael had, and kills him in self defense.
While on the phone with his girlfriend Jill, who has moved away to attend college, David prompts her to explicitly wish that he were there to see her compete in a fencing tournament, only to surprise her with an unplanned visit. After the competition, David approaches Jill's similarly attired opponent from behind and flirts with her, thinking she is his girlfriend. Intrigued, she kisses David, and Jill storms off angrily after walking in on them. Later, David meets with his friend Teddy, a sex-obsessed student who tells him that Jill will attend a house party later. Hoping that she will speak with him in person, David attends the party, too.  A meteor lands near the site of the party, and electrical arcs cause a momentary blackout. The wild revelers do not notice brief, anomalous phenomena that occur during the blackout, such as a mirror image out of sync, but a drug dealer's girlfriend outside the party becomes spooked. As the raucous party proceeds, David searches the house for Jill, and Teddy attempts to charm Melanie. To Teddy's surprise, Melanie invites him to join her upstairs in ten minutes. Meanwhile, David spies on Jill as she flirts with a friend, and Allison, an outsider, unsuccessfully attempts to fit in. David attempts to apologize to Jill, but she becomes more angry with his fumbled apology and says that he makes her feel replaceable. The party moves outside, and the house empties except for David, Teddy, Allison, and Melanie.  When Teddy joins Melanie upstairs, he finds her naked on a bed. They proceed to have sex, and she steps into the shower afterward. During a second blackout, a duplicate of Melanie appears on the bed, surprised to find Teddy in the room. When the original Melanie exits the shower, the two Melanies come face-to-face, and Teddy flees the room in a panic. David confirms that the house has filled with duplicates of the party-goers, who repeat the actions their originals took ten minutes ago. Outside, the drug dealer and his duplicate get into a violent confrontation, and David watches as one of them murders the other. Worried that the duplicates may be hostile, the originals attempt to hide. Eventually, the duplicates disappear.  With each blackout, the duplicates momentarily reappear and reenact increasingly more recent actions. David becomes convinced that he can save his relationship if he crafts a better apology to Jill's duplicate, Allison befriends her duplicate, and Teddy accidentally ruins the rendez-vous between his and Melanie's duplicates. Teddy warns the others that his duplicate will now become belligerent, and he convinces the party-goers, most of whom are still skeptical, to hide from their duplicates in a pool house. When the duplicates reappear, David knocks his own duplicate unconscious and charms Jill's duplicate, and Teddy's duplicate attempts to convince the skeptical crowd of duplicates to attack the originals.  Worried about their safety, several of the originals sneak out and murder their duplicates, which turns the enraged duplicates hostile. The originals retreat back to the pool house, and the duplicates lay siege. The next blackout causes the duplicates to appear inside the pool house. The crowded room erupts in violence, and several people die, including Teddy. David tracks down the original Jill, who had wandered back to the house, and he murders her so that he can be with her duplicate. Allison seduces her duplicate, and they share a kiss. The final blackout causes the duplicates and originals to merge. David and Jill leave together and make their way to the pool house and have a make-out session. The confused party-goers stagger out of the pool house, and they begin to disperse. Two meteors, like the original, are shown passing through the sky and appear to be leaving Earth.
When a teenager loses his girlfriend in a horrible and devastating accident, he finds that his running keeps him connected to her during his "runner's high" moments in which his heart elates and becomes ecstatic. Chasing her memory drives him to run faster and win races for his new coach. Before long, his newfound notoriety attracts the attention of a whip-smart new girl who is determined to find out what's really going on inside him.
When a high-stakes scheme goes horribly wrong, two brothers must take on the craziest job of their criminal careers, and pray they get out alive.
In March 2016, after an argument with her fiancé Ben, Michelle hurriedly packs a suitcase, leaves behind a diamond ring, and departs New Orleans, Louisiana. While she is driving through rural Louisiana at night, Ben telephones, begging her to return. The news reports of blackouts in several major cities. Suddenly, her car is struck, flipping off the road and rendering her unconscious.  Michelle awakens with a leg injury while chained to a wall in a concrete room. A man named Howard enters and unchains her. She later unsuccessfully ambushes him, and he explains that there has been a massive attack, perhaps by Russians or Martians, and he had found her wreck and saved her life by bringing her to his underground bunker. He tells her that they cannot leave for one or two years because the air outside is poisoned and everyone outside is dead.  Howard gives Michelle a tour of his well-stocked bunker, which also houses his construction assistant, Emmett. Through a viewport, Howard shows her his two decayed pigs outside as evidence of the fallout, but she also sees Howard's truck and regains her memory of it striking her car. She privately relays this to Emmett, who dismisses it, saying he came to the bunker voluntarily after seeing the attack happen.  During dinner, Howard shows flashes of jealousy and rage and little tolerance for Emmett. Michelle steals Howard's keys and injures him while trying to leave the bunker, but before she opens the outermost door, a woman covered with lesions appears outside, screaming to be let in before committing suicide. Horrified, Michelle retreats. Howard confesses that he accidentally struck Michelle's car while in a panic to reach the bunker. Now convinced, she stitches a cut she caused to Howard, who opens up about his late daughter.  The trio begins to adapt to life underground, but the air ventilation system fails after something loud passes overhead. Howard sends Michelle through a small duct to reactivate it. In the control room, she finds a padlocked skylight with "HELP" scratched on the inside and an earring she had seen in a picture Howard showed her of his daughter. She shares this with Emmett, who recognizes the girl in the picture as a local girl who had gone missing two years earlier. They decide to seek help, so Michelle begins to fashion a makeshift hazmat suit to venture outside.  Howard finds some of the tools Michelle and Emmett were using for their plan and threatens to immerse them both in perchloric acid. Emmett takes responsibility, claiming he was building a weapon to use to get Howard's gun. Howard says he accepts Emmett's apology before shooting him in the face, telling a shocked Michelle that now they can finally be a family of two. Michelle finishes the suit while Howard cleans up. He discovers the suit, but she flees and is able to upend the barrel of acid onto him, which disfigures him and starts a fire. She dons the suit, traps Howard, and escapes. When she sees birds outside, she removes her gas mask. Michelle then observes a biomechanical alien craft in the distance, which flies towards her when the bunker explodes from the fire. The craft discharges a green gas, which she overcomes with her mask. She is also attacked by a quadrupedal creature and shelters from it in Howard's truck. The craft's tentacles lift the truck midair to reach Michelle, but she destroys it with a Molotov cocktail, causing the truck to fall back to the ground.  Michelle drives off in the woman's car. A radio broadcast says humans are successfully fighting against the invaders and instructs survivors to seek safety in Baton Rouge, while requesting the help of anyone with medical or combat training in Houston. Michelle heads for Houston while a larger alien craft is revealed, silhouetted by lightning.
The film closely follows Bly's original account, and extracts much of the dialogue from Bly's 1880s exposé.  In an interview on Los Angeles talk radio, Caroline Barry described Christopher Lambert bringing authenticity to the part of the antagonist Dr. Dent by portraying his motives as misguided good intent rather than evil, adding to the realism of the film.
Expert bank robber Frank Sullivan (Michael Chiklis) never had a job go wrong until his brother is killed during a heist. Knocked unconscious, Frank wakes up in a dirty alley without memory of how the robbery went awry or who shot his brother. To Frank's boss, violent crime lord Rex (Bruce Willis), none of that matters, but he just wants the loot, which Frank does not have. Short on time and information, Frank must figure out which member of their crew betrayed them, avoid Rex's contract killer closing in on him, and locate a mysterious briefcase to save his own skin and avenge his brother's death.
The film begins with Wood and McDonell's characters, both determined to take their own lives, pulling up to a scenic cliff overlooking the ocean. While McDonell takes out a gun and prepares it, Wood drives off the cliff. McDonell is briefly startled, but then continues. As he holds the gun to his head and prepares to fire, Wood, her face covered in white powder from the deployment of her car's airbag, comes up from the cliff and asks "Can I borrow that when you're done?"  McDonell and Wood put off their suicide plans and spend more time together, falling in love and gradually finding in each other a reason to live.
On the day of their 10-year high school reunion, Jake and his girlfriend Jess arrive at the home of his now-married high school friends Cully and Sam. Other friends begin to arrive, including best friends Marty and AJ, famous musician Reeves, and the adventurous Scott with his wife, Suki. They depart for the reunion and reunite with their friend Garrity and meet his wife Olivia; and reconnect with Garrity's best friend Andre. Meanwhile, reclusive classmate Elise arrives at the reunion alone. She is ignored by the party planner, prom queen Anna.  Jake, Cully, Andre, and Reeves smoke a joint in Jake's car when he reveals an envelope with an engagement ring inside, stating that he has intended to ask Jess to marry him for quite some time but hasn't found the right moment to propose. However, Jake is conflicted when he sees his high school sweetheart Mary and her new husband Paul. Jake, Jess, Mary, and Paul share awkward introductions, and Jake and Mary reconnect for the first time in eight years. Reeves approaches Elise and the pair reminisce when he spots an old picture of Elise wearing bright yellow shoes.  As the night continues, Olivia unexpectedly discovers that Garrity has an affinity for hip hop, Cully drunkenly attempts and fails to appropriately apologize to some geeky classmates for being a bully in high school, and Marty and AJ attempt to flirt with Anna, causing tension between the duo. Jake and Mary discuss prom, which they were unable to attend due to Mary's father having a heart attack that night. As the reunion comes to a close, the group departs for a local karaoke bar. Reeves flirts with Elise but she turns him down.  Anna leaves the party early, resulting in Marty and AJ deciding to toilet paper her house. At the bar, Jess takes notice of Jake's behavior around Mary and decides to return to the hotel under the guise of being tired. Paul does the same. Scott and Suki sing karaoke and Olivia is impressed by Garrity's breakdancing abilities. Reeves is pressured by his friends to sing his hit song "Never Had", about the girl he misses. The line about bright yellow shoes makes Elise, who had never heard the song, realize it is about her. The two share a kiss and spend the remainder of the night together. Anna catches Marty and AJ vandalizing her home and becomes upset, revealing that she is now an unhappy single mother with two children. Marty reveals that he is not a successful New Yorker, but instead lives in a small apartment and is financially unstable, and AJ reveals that he is getting a divorce. The trio bond over their shared life issues.  As the night comes to a close, Cully becomes embarrassingly drunk and upsets Sam. Scott reveals to his friends that he intends on returning to Japan with Suki to continue their adventures together. Mary asks Jake for the dance they never had at prom, finally giving them an opportunity to properly end their relationship. Mary reveals that she's pregnant, the two agree that they are happy with where their lives have taken them. Jake returns to the hotel and finds Jess still awake. She reveals that she left to allow Jake to get his closure with Mary.  Jake and Jess soon join their friends at a local diner. Jake returns to his car and obtains the engagement ring from the envelope.
As a series of minor earthquakes start tearing apart Los Angeles, scientist Emily of the USGS theorizes that it is all building to a super quake that will drop the entire city into a lava-filled chasm. Engineer Jack whose daughter has gone camping with her friends in the danger area and whose company is responsible for the quakes due to their deep fracking feels obligated to help, and races with Emily through the increasingly damaged city with the hopes of diverting the epicenter to Long Beach and potentially saving millions of lives in the city of Los Angeles.
Dr. Rebecca Church (Heidi Johanningmeier) has devoted her life to suicide prevention after her mother killed herself when Rebecca was nine. After Rebecca's new fiancée Gabriel Weeks (Colin Egglesfield) is kidnapped, Rebecca finds a photo album entitled "Gabriel Was Saved." The police inform Rebecca that the perpetrator is a serial killer dubbed "The Savior," who stalks and photographs his victims for 100 days before kidnapping and executing them. Detective Jack Byers (Yancey Arias) informs Rebecca that the Savior is targeting people who have previously attempted suicide. Rebecca tells Jack that Gabriel attempted suicide after his wife and daughter died and came into her clinic for help. The next day, Gabriel asks Rebecca out, beginning a fast romance and subsequent proposal.  Rebecca discovers the Savior is a former suicide prevention colleague of hers named Victor Quinn (Gideon Emery) who blames himself for patients who killed themselves despite his efforts. Wracked with guilt, Victor shot himself and Rebecca assumed he was dead. The police discover that Victor recently applied for jobs as a suicide prevention counselor, proving he is alive. Rebecca confirms Gabriel had called a suicide prevention line, confirming how Victor is finding victims.  In her old files, Rebecca finds Victor's contact information and calls as he is driving with an unconscious Gabriel. Victor says he survived the gunshot, but was in a coma for 100 days, tortured by visions of dead patients. When Victor awoke, he met a suicidal woman named Barbara Roberts, who became his first victim. The police show Rebecca photo albums of Barbara and other victims who all had been stalked for 100 days. Victor calls Rebecca back, asking about Gabriel's personality before killing him. Rebecca learns that all of Victor's victims had recovered in the 100 days before he murdered them. Victor subdues Jack at the prevention clinic and chases Rebecca who escapes. Later, Rebecca admits to Jack that she had attempted suicide in her past, which seemingly explains why Victor is stalking her now.  Victor emails Rebecca recordings of phone calls between himself and Gabriel, proving he was counseling Gabriel throughout their relationship. Victor calls and taunts her by telling her the location of Gabriel's diary. From reading Gabriel's diary, Rebecca learns his wife and daughter died in a tragic swimming accident, leading to Gabriel's multiple suicide attempts. Unable to go through with it, he called a suicide prevention hotline. Victor picked Gabriel up and forced him at gunpoint to look at the photo albums of the previous victims who were happy. Victor explains the true nature of his philosophy: He offers to painlessly kill Gabriel in 100 days, while Victor takes photos to capture the "joy" he believes he is bestowing upon the suicidal. Rebecca learns that all of Victor's victims are, in fact, willing participants. Gabriel agreed to Victor's deal, but impulsively called Rebecca so he could "find love again."  Horrified by the revelation of the deal between Victor, Gabriel, and all of the other victims, Rebecca takes sleeping pills, and barely survives after being taken to a hospital. Rebecca tells Jack they will likely never catch Victor because he is providing a service that suicidal people want. Victor sneaks into the hospital, taunting Rebecca with details of Gabriel's decision, and offering to make her his next victim of assisted suicide. Upon release, her mental condition deteriorates further and Rebecca calls Victor to seemingly accept his offer.  However, Rebecca instead shoots Victor, who dies. Rebecca leaves evidence of her complicity at the murder scene for Jack, who decides not to pursue her. Rebecca drives away, still struggling but confident in her resolve to never kill herself.
Paranormal investigators Jackie, Adam, Sarah, Dave, Jim, Jen, and Earl head to the abandoned South Chicago Community Hospital where mass murderer Richard Speck killed eight student nurses from July 13–14, 1966. Hoping to document any paranormal activity, they record the experience using various cameras. Earl stands guard outside as the others head inside. He soon hears a strange noise coming from a large pipe, and sticks his head inside to see what it is, becoming decapitated by an unseen force. In the building, the group hears Sarah screaming, and find her facing a wall with scratches on her arms, and decide to let her rest in one of the bedrooms. Adam is soon dragged off, and killed by an unseen force, which is revealed to be the ghost of Richard Speck when it invades Sarah's room, and briefly undresses her before killing her. The group soon realizes there is something in the building with them, and attempt to escape, finding all the doors and windows locked with the entrance gate closed off.  The group decides to find the keys to unlock the gate, although they had left them with Adam. Using a trail of blood, and an RC car, they find Adam's body in a small crawlspace, and Jackie goes to retrieve the keys. As she does, however, the ghost kills her. The others encounter maintenance worker Mike on the roof, who decides to use a pair of bolt cutters he has to break through the gate. However, Mike must retrieve them from his tools in the basement, although when he goes to retrieve them, the ghost kills him. The ghost then hangs Dave, and chases Jen into a bedroom where she successfully hides under a bed. She reunites with Jim, and they find a small crawlspace to escape through. However, a claustrophobic Jim refuses to go through, and Jen watches in horror as he is killed by the ghost. Jen crawls her way outside, although as she's walking away from the building, the ghost arrives, and kills her as well before she drops the camera, ending the film.
Cory Weissman was a student-athlete, a basketball player, who had a stroke while attending Gettysburg College. He scored 1000 points in high school and looked forward to success as a starting point guard. Basketball is his life's primary focus, but as a freshman, he has an AVM stroke which paralyzes his left side.  Cory has to cope with his disability and answer the question "why me?"  Does everything happen for a reason or just fate?  Despite the sad prognosis of his brain damage, the young athlete is hopeful of his recovery and return to basketball. Physical therapy is slow, but with the support of his cat, fish, coach and teammates, Cory returns to college.  Cory is allowed to dress and play in the last game his senior year.  To the joy of everyone, he scores one point—hence the title "1000 to 1".  He finds new meaning in his life, both on and off the court. He played hockey and cricket
The plot revolves around Lewis (played by Luke Evans), a seemingly ordinary man who kidnaps a woman named Cathy (played by Kelly Reilly). Lewis holds Cathy captive in a soundproof 10x10-foot room in his home, and the reasons behind his actions become gradually revealed as the story unfolds.  Cathy, however, is not an easy victim. Despite being confined, she fights back against her captor, turning the tables on Lewis. As the tension escalates, the film explores the psychological and physical struggle between the captor and captive, unraveling the mystery behind Lewis' motivations and Cathy's resilience. The narrative takes unexpected turns, keeping viewers on edge as they discover the truth about the characters and the reasons for their harrowing ordeal.
Joseph Crone wakes in his hotel room at 11:11 AM on November 7, 2011. His manager, Grant, arrives and urges Joseph to write his next novel after telling him that his previous book sold over 5 million copies. Joseph begins writing about how after his wife and son died, he lost all faith in a higher power and God and writes "God is dead, or maybe he was never alive."  On November 8, 2011, Joseph attends his support group meeting where Sadie is telling her story.  Outside, Sadie tells Joseph that he should speak up, calling him good with words, and gives him a notebook. On departure, Joseph is immediately in a car accident. At the hospital, he has an MRI scan and the doctors reveal to him that he is perfectly healthy and uninjured while the other driver was killed in the crash. Joseph tells Sadie that he feels that he has no purpose and prays for God to kill him every day. He then examines his watch and sees that it stopped exactly at 11:11. That night, Joseph gets a call from his estranged brother, Samuel, who is living in Spain with their father, Richard, and learns their father is dying.  On November 9, 2011, Joseph goes to Barcelona, Spain, to visit his father. There, Joseph meets with Samuel, who uses a wheelchair. Samuel urges Joseph to put aside his hatred for the church and asks Joseph to stay the night. Later Samuel tells Joseph that his congregation dwindled away and asks him to try to get some of his fans to follow his church.  In Samuel's study, the local housekeeper Ana demands that Samuel show Joseph the video de los demonios. Ana shows Joseph a security video taken on November 3 that depicts the faint outline of what appears to be a demon at 11:11 PM. Joseph tells Samuel that he's been seeing the number 11-11 frequently in the past few days. Joseph later talks to Ana and finds a diary, only titled El Libro de Ana. Ana claims that it's the gospel according to her. That night, Joseph reads that people who frequently see the number 11-11 have been "Activated", and saves Samuel, who is being strangled by demon-like creatures.  On November 10, 2011, at a meeting of Samuel's congregation, a man named Javier brandishes a gun at Samuel, dropping a camera in the process. Joseph disarms Javier, who runs off. Joseph and Samuel then visit the cemetery where their mother, Lauren, is buried. Joseph points out that Samuel's birthday and Lauren's death both took place on November 11. Joseph tells Samuel that the attack the night before, Joseph's accident, David's death, and the apparitions all occurred at 11:11 on the clock. Samuel urges Joseph to not look for meaning where there is none. Joseph goes to find a shop to develop the photos on Javier's camera, and the employees say that the photos will be developed the next day. Joseph visits an occult bookstore where the keeper reads a passage from a book, detailing that on November 11, 2011, a sacrifice will be made that will "destroy faith and the Serpent will rise". Joseph becomes convinced that Samuel is a prophet to save the church and that on November 11, 2011, at 11:11, Samuel will be sacrificed by these demons for the devil to rise.  On November 11, 2011, Joseph finds that Sadie has arrived in Barcelona, and they are cornered in a maze by Javier, who brandishes the gun at Joseph before fleeing. When Joseph and Sadie return to the house, they find that Richard has died. Joseph breaks into Javier's home and finds Samuel's photos in a diary with the word SACRIFICIO scrawled on its pages, along with 11-11-11. Javier finds Joseph and shoots him.  Joseph comes to that night, calls Sadie, and tells her to get the photos that were developed as he runs back to the house. He finds Samuel, who urges Joseph to save the notebooks that chronicle the church's history. As they do, they're cornered by the demonic beings, who take Samuel at 11:02PM. Joseph attempts to find and rescue Samuel as Sadie gets the photos. Joseph finds Samuel, suspended in the air, surrounded by the beings. A sinkhole opens, causing Joseph to fall away from rescue, but he manages to crawl out of the sinkhole as one of the creatures readies a blade to stab Samuel. Joseph steps in the path of the blade exactly at 11:11, and the beings disappear.  Sadie, looking through the photos, burns them all. Joseph and Samuel lie out in the rain as Joseph begins to die. Samuel tells Joseph that 11-11 was not a window opening, but one closing, and that the end of the world could only be stopped then. Joseph finds the notebooks and reads one that Samuel wrote, depicting his own death.  Samuel stands, collects the notebooks, and leaves Joseph to die after revealing that the beings were, in fact, angels and that he was the devil that needed to be stopped. A new religion will start, and Joseph's, Samuel's, Sadie's, Grant's, and Ana's books will become the new gospels.  Sometime later, a large church is filled with Samuel's followers, each bearing a book titled The Book of Joseph.
Bree decides to go for a swim at the Ketea Aquatic Center. She is joined by her sister, Jonna, a recovering drug addict who is three months clean. Clara, the janitor and an ex-convict on parole, is caught by the pool manager, McGradey, attempting to steal from the lost and found. She is fired and told to clean up. Bree realizes that her engagement ring is missing. Jonna sees the ring at the bottom of the pool and both dive in to retrieve it. McGradey, failing to notice the women in the deep end, engages the pool cover and leaves for the holidays.  Terrified, the siblings unsuccessfully attempt to escape. Jonna reveals that she is envious of Bree's successful lifestyle and recent engagement and had thrown Bree's ring into the pool. Bree opens up about their abusive, alcoholic, drug-addicted father and the fire that led to his death. She reveals that she is diabetic and requires insulin or she might slip into a diabetic coma.  Clara, preparing to leave, is surprised to see the sisters trapped underneath the pool cover. She steals Bree's cash, smartphone and credit card and blackmails Bree for her phone password and credit card PIN before turning the water heater off. The girls have no choice but to wait out the night. Clara comes back in the morning to tease them again. Jonna, angry, leads Clara to place her ear onto the small hole in the pool cover, stabbing her in the ear with a shard of tile. Clara turns on the automatic pool cleaning system, causing the girls to begin suffocating in chlorine. She then turns the system off, realizing the danger in her actions, and leaves.   Bree reveals that during the accident that killed their father, she purposely prevented their father from escaping, calling him a monster. Clara, realizing the error of her ways, decides to open the pool cover but the passcode by McGradey no longer works. She tells the sisters they are on their own and leaves again.  Bree grows weak and cold. Jonna rips off the metal grill on the bottom of the pool, which Bree had previously failed to do, and smashes the fiberglass of the pool cover, allowing them to escape. She gives Bree her insulin shot. Clara returns with a gun, threatening to kill the sisters as she does not want to go to prison again. However, she feels sympathetic, puts the gun down, and returns their belongings. Jonna tells her to leave. Paramedics arrive and Jonna returns Bree's engagement ring, which Clara had taken. When Bree asks how she got it back, Jonna replies, "I killed the monster", echoing what Bree said about killing their father, and implying that she killed Clara.
Paramedic Nick Malloy and his wife Sarah are going home after a movie, when a horrible car accident takes place. Nick attempts to aid and rescue the victims: a young boy and a married couple, but despite Nick's efforts, the woman dies; this completely shatters Nick as it never happened before in his entire career.  One year later, Nick and his fellow paramedic Jay Thompson are going to work when they get an anonymous call from an abandoned building site where they find a dying citizen. They attempt to aid him, only to find the number 1 stitched on his stomach alongside a bomb, but before they can do something about it, Nick receives a phone call. The caller asks Nick to step outside the ambulance after answering it. Nick now finds himself playing a game called 12 Rounds by Patrick Heller, moonlighting as a mastermind and using Sarah as a pawn. The caller tells Nick that he is watching him through security cameras and gives Nick a hint about his ambulance exploding. Immediately the ambulance explodes, killing the citizen instantly and setting Jay on fire, although Nick manages to save him.  For Round 2, Nick receives a text message which leads him to a parking lot where a car waits for him. For Round 3, Nick must find a clue to his next destination in the car. Nick finds a matchbox with Palace Hotel written on it. Driving frantically to the hotel, Nick takes an alternative route. An enraged Heller threatens to detonate the bomb under the car but Nick manages to reach the Hotel with two seconds to spare.  As the game unfolds, Detectives McKenzie and Sykes are investigating the ambulance explosion, and while Sykes immediately blames Nick for everything, McKenzie has her doubts.  Round 4 begins in the Palace Hotel as Nick talks with the hotel manager, who is wearing a white top with a cue ball on the front with the number "4" on it and a key that dangles around his neck. Realizing this the 4th round, Nick attacks the manager to steal the key. Heller tells Nick he must find a room that will give him all the answers. Nick finds out it's room 44, and inside the room, a young boy, Tommy Weaver, is having fun with a prostitute named Amber.  Round 5 begins when he enters the room. Nick ransacks the room and gets in a fight with Tommy and the prostitute. Before the phone rings in the room which is Heller. He orders Nick to bring "it with you" and get into a car parked next to Tommy's. Nick notices a tattoo on Tommy, the same as the calling card of the mastermind. However, as Nick takes Tommy out of the room, he gets into a fight with the security guard but manages to escape. Nick puts Tommy in the car next to his and finds a black glove with some coordinates leading to the Intersection of Grant and Sherwood Street.  During the trip, Nick learns that Tommy has a parole anklet by following his DUI arrest, and Heller blocks the signal to the anklet so that Nick can stay focused on his timed mission. During the trip they stop halfway because both Nick and Tommy can hear a cell phone in the vehicle's trunk. They open the trunk to find Tommy's lawyer, Roberta Shaw, dead. For Round 6, they arrive at Grant and Sherwood intersection and find a telephone booth. Heller tells them a series of events led them there. Tommy finds out this is the street where he had an accident a year ago, that followed his DUI arrest. McKenzie and Sykes arrive at the hotel and talk with the security guard and the manager to find out about what Nick did earlier in the night and begin to suspect it is all linked to the governor's disappearance.  Meanwhile, Nick begins to put all the pieces of the puzzle together, and finds out he was at the right place at the right time a year ago. At the accident at the start of the film, Tommy was the young boy and the woman who died was Patrick's wife. Immediately after, Tommy tries to escape and as Nick chases him, Heller reactivates Tommy's anklet signal. Along the way, Tommy finds 2 police officers and tries to turn himself into them, telling them that Nick is chasing him for no apparent reason. But Nick catches up to him, engages and defeats the officers and steals their police car. Chased down by police and the detectives, they take an alternative route until they meet a dead end. Nick escapes by driving up into a public parking garage building. When they reach the top they are found and cornered by Detective McKenzie, to whom they reveal Heller's game.  McKenzie tells them the governor has disappeared and Tommy reveals he is his father. Heller calls Nick and tells him to put Tommy on the phone. Heller tells Tommy the location for Round 7. McKenzie tells them to keep playing his game to discover his true intentions.  For Round 7 they must reach an abandoned sugar factory which is how Tommy's father got into the government. Tommy finds his father buried in raw sugar. Nick drives a tractor to stop the overflowing of the sugar. Meanwhile, the detectives track down a signal to an abandoned building and find an armed man behind metal doors. Sykes shoots the man and they discover is a judge.  For Round 8, Nick and Tommy must save the governor and when they do, Heller appears with Sarah, shoots Tommy's father and tells Nick that the detectives already took care of Round 9 for him. Back in the abandoned building a livestream of Heller begins in the computer and he reveals that Sykes was the first officer to arrive at the scene of the car accident and while the governor paid the lawyer and judge to reduce Tommy's sentence to one year probation, Sykes destroyed the evidence and got promoted to detective in the process. As Sykes apologizes to McKenzie a countdown appears in the computer and while McKenzie and the other officer says leave the room, Sykes stays and gets obliterated by the explosion. McKenzie then rushes out to find Nick. Round 10 begins when Tommy, still broken after his father's death, follows Heller's instructions and with a tazer incapacitates Nick temporarily.  Round 11 begins in front of a club called "Karma". It turns out the citizen who died in the ambulance worked there. Heller gives 2 vodka bottles to Tommy and one is poisoned. Tommy needs to drink one and when he does, he presumes he will die, but when he doesn't, starts laughing hysterically but Heller pours the contents of the other bottle over Tommy, shoots it and leaves Tommy to die.  For the Final Round, Heller has Nick and Sarah tied up in the back of his SUV and calls 911 to tell emergency services that there will be a horrible accident at Grant and Sherwood Intersection as Heller initiates a countdown in the SUV. Nick asks him what he would've done to save his wife's life to which Heller replies "Anything". Nick immediately breaks free and fights Heller, takes his gun and shoots the back of the SUV so he and Sarah can roll out of the vehicle. Heller breaks down, remembering the night's events and his wife, before shouting 'Diana' as the SUV exploded, killing him instantly.  Emergency services arrive and aid both Nick and Sarah as Detective McKenzie arrives and thanks Nick for his help during the night by saying, 'It's Over' and walking away from the ambulance.
Detective Tyler Burke  and his two men infiltrate the house of drug dealer George Freemont, with whom he had been secretly collaborating to sell police-confiscated narcotics. They ask him for Freemont's proof of their collaboration. They destroy Freemont's laptop, and Burke shoots Freemont after making it look like Freemont shot first. Detective John Shaw returns to active duty at his precinct after the death of his partner, Ray Jones, in which Shaw was shot and sidelined with post traumatic stress disorder. He is met by his supervisor, Captain Ellen Matthews, recent police academy graduate Officer Jenny Taylor and lastly Detective Burke, who is being hailed for busting Freemont.  Unknown to Burke, Freemont had made a backup containing the incriminating evidence that is in the form of a flash drive in the shape of a credit card, which is found during Freemont's autopsy and delivered to Evidence by Taylor. Shaw reads the incident report of the Freemont bust and retrieves the flash drive from Evidence. At the same time, Burke, at his home, receives a call from Taylor regarding the flash drive. Burke deduces that the flash drive contains the evidence and quickly heads to the precinct. Discovering the content of the flash drive, Shaw heads to Matthews' office. Burke receives word from Officer Meeks, one of his corrupt colleagues, that Shaw had already checked out the flash drive, but misses Shaw though both men shared the same elevator. Burke is unable to intercept Shaw and triggers the fire alarm so that everyone (except he and his fellow corrupt cops) can evacuate the building and find Shaw easily. Once the building is evacuated, Officer Darrow takes over the security hub to monitor Shaw's whereabouts via CCTV and also initiates a total lockdown of the building, disabling all the phone communication, computer networks as well as jamming cell phone signals. Shaw, unable to find Matthews at her office, had ducked into a stairwell to call her on his cell, but is cut off by the lockdown.  Shaw, knowing that he is now being hunted, ambushes Meeks but is surprised by Burke. Shaw uses Meeks as a shield, but Meeks is shot anyway by Burke. Shaw and Meeks duck into an elevator. Shaw tries to save Meeks, but Meeks dies soon after. Burke radios Darrow to shut down the elevators, but Shaw manages to escape. Shaw next runs into Taylor, who had been accidentally locked in. She sees Meeks' blood on Shaw and refuses to trust him, forcing him to draw his gun on her. He confiscated her taser and leaves her with a warning to hide until the lockdown is over. Matthews arrives and hails Burke over walkie talkie. Burke takes the opportunity to frame Shaw, directly blaming him for Meeks' death and assuring Matthews that he will handle Shaw. Shaw then goes into the motor pool where is spotted by Darrow on the camera. In the ensuring pursuit, Shaw is hit by the bullet to his arm while attempting to flee in an unmarked police car, but manages to elude his pursuers.  Taylor next runs into Burke, who invites her to walk with him to the security control. Burke tells Shaw through the PA system to show himself in the CCTV camera or else he will shoot Taylor. Shaw reveals himself and after sending his men after Shaw, Burke shoots Taylor anyway and the gunshot is heard by Shaw. Burke and his fellow corrupt cops don SWAT armor and weaponry and went out to corner Shaw in a Crime Lab where Shaw had been bandaging his arm. Shaw is pinned down but managed to escape using Taylor's taser to stun a dead corrupt cop to fire an assault rifle that caused an explosion nearby on an experiment table, killing one corrupt cop but narrowly saved Burke and the others. Police Chief Keppler arrives and takes charge of the situation from Matthews, informing Burke that there is a SWAT team inbound.  Shaw heads to the server room and disconnects several wires to disable the CCTV cameras. Shaw then reactivates the network in order to upload the evidence regarding Burke to Internal Affairs. Darrow notices that the network is activated and after alerting Burke, managed to deactivate the network before the evidence is sent. Shaw goes to the rooftop in order to get a signal and make a call to Matthews. Shaw convinces Matthews that he is the innocent and Burke is corrupt. He is interrupted by one of Burke's henchmen, Gideon, and after a brief fight succeeds in escaping again.  Shaw manages to ambush a lone Burke and cuffs him and both men enter an elevator. Burke secretly has its own key and manages to unlock the cuffs and after a struggle, Shaw is forced to escape but not before being shot in the hip. The SWAT Team arrived on scene to prepare for the raid. Shaw then goes to the office again to bandage his hip. Burke and 2 henchmen catch up with Shaw, who succeeds in escaping again. Police Chief Keppler radios Burke that SWAT will enter once they cut the power.  Darrow and Burke manage to ambush and capture Shaw, whom they bring to a meeting room. Burke succeeds in getting the flash drive from Shaw and promptly destroys it. Just as Burke is about to shoot Shaw, the power is cut and Shaw manages to use the distraction to escape.  After a brief encounter with the SWAT Team, Shaw calls Matthews to meet her at the back of the building. After meeting up, Matthews turns heel and reveals her alliance with Burke. Burke then shoots Matthews before the SWAT Team bursts inside. As Shaw is about to be arrested, he plays a recording of Burke's earlier monologue in which Burke incriminates himself. Burke attempts to shoot Shaw but Shaw fires his last round to Burke's leg. Shaw then cuffs Burke and walks out of the building.
Mitch Nelson, a U.S. Army captain with Green Berets Operational Detachment Alpha (ODA) 595, is moving into a new home with his wife and daughter on September 11, 2001, after receiving an assignment to staff duty under Lieutenant Colonel Bowers. As news of the devastating terrorist attacks that day break, Nelson volunteers to lead 595 into Afghanistan. Bowers initially refuses, but veteran soldier CW5 Hal Spencer, previously scheduled to retire, persuades Bowers to give Nelson command of 595 again, as well as volunteering himself for the deployment. After leaving their families, 595 travels to Uzbekistan on October 7, 2001. After being briefed and evaluated by COL Mulholland, Commander of 5th Special Forces Group, Nelson and 595 are picked to fight alongside Northern Alliance leader Abdul Rashid Dostum.  ODA 595 is inserted covertly in Afghanistan aboard Boeing CH-47 Chinook flown by 160th SOAR on October 19, 2001. They land 40 miles south of Mazar-i-Sharif, the country's fourth-largest city and a longtime stronghold of the Taliban, where they meet Dostum. Six of the 12 members, led by Nelson, leave with Dostum to the mountains, while the other six remain in a fortified camp nicknamed "The Alamo" under Spencer's command. Dostum is attempting to capture the northern Afghanistan city, while battling Taliban leader Mullah Razzan, who rules local communities brutally under strict law of Sharia, and has murdered several people, including Dostum's family. Although the warlord is initially skeptical of Nelson's abilities, Nelson gradually earns Dostum's respect. In one battle, however, Dostum makes a tactical error, costing several casualties. Nelson accuses Dostum of acting carelessly with the lives of his men and of withholding valuable information, while Dostum retorts that he still feels that Nelson, and the U.S. are not willing to pay the potential price of the conflict, and tells Nelson that he needs to use his heart and mind to "be a warrior" instead of a soldier. The two eventually reconcile, and, after splitting off a three-man element under SFC Sam Diller to strike a Taliban supply route, and being joined by Spencer's half of ODA 595, continue to work together. They win several victories with Dostum's leadership and manpower and American airpower, making significant progress towards Mazar-i Sharif. When Nelson informs Dostum that another ODA, 555, has been dispatched to support Atta Muhammad, another Northern Alliance leader, who is Dostum's political rival, Dostum is furious, and his men promptly abandon 595.  Following Dostum's departure, Nelson plans to continue operating against the Taliban with his Americans and the few Afghan fighters remaining with them. Encountering a large force of Al-Qaeda and Taliban fighters and armored vehicles, ODA 595, rejoined by Diller and his element, uses air support to eliminate many of the fighters and most of the armor, but are discovered and attacked. Spencer is critically injured by a suicide bomber, and the team is about to be overrun under heavy Taliban and Al-Qaeda pressure when Dostum returns with his forces. Carrying out the U.S. Army's first cavalry charge of the 21st century, the American and Northern Alliance forces disperse the Taliban and al-Qaeda, and Dostum tracks down and kills Razzan. After Spencer is medevaced, Nelson and Dostum continue to Mazar-i-Sharif but find Atta Muhammad has beaten them there. Against expectations, Dostum leaves any differences with Muhammad to be settled the next day. Impressed by Nelson and the Americans' efforts, Dostum gives Nelson his prized riding crop and tells him that he will always consider Nelson a brother and fellow fighter, at the same time bidding him remember that Afghanistan is the graveyard of empires. Spencer ultimately survives, and all 12 soldiers of ODA 595 return home after 23 days of almost continuous fighting in Afghanistan.  The film's penultimate moment shows a photo of the Horse Soldier Statue at the World Trade Center in New York City, based on the soldiers of ODA 595 and their victory in the early stages of the response to the September 11 attacks, dedicated to all United States Special Forces. The film then ends with a photo of the actual members of ODA 595, in combat fatigues, upon whom 12 Strong was based.
left|thumb|The Edwin Epps House, now located on the ground of Louisiana State University, is a stop along Northup's Trail. Solomon Northup and Samuel Bass helped build the house that was completed in 1852. Solomon Northup is a free African-American man in 1841, working as a violinist and living with his wife and two children in Saratoga Springs, New York. Two white men, Brown and Hamilton, offer him short-term employment as a musician in Washington, D.C.; instead, they drug Northup and deliver him to James H. Birch, the owner of a slave pen. Northup proclaims his freedom, only to be violently beaten and tortured.  He is shipped to New Orleans with other slaves, who tell him he must adapt if he wants to survive in the South. Slave trader Theophilus Freeman gives Northup the identity of "Platt", a runaway slave from Georgia, and sells him to plantation owner William Ford. Ford takes a liking to Northup and gives him a violin. Tensions between Northup and plantation carpenter John Tibeats break when Northup defends himself from Tibeats and beats him with his own whip. Tibeats and his men prepare to lynch Northup but are stopped by the overseer. Northup is left on tiptoes with the noose around his neck for hours before Ford arrives and cuts him down. Northup attempts to explain his situation, but Ford sells him to plantation owner Edwin Epps.  Epps, unlike Ford, is abusive and sadistic to his slaves. Northup meets Patsey, a favored slave and Epps' top cotton picker. Epps regularly rapes Patsey, and his jealous wife abuses her. Cotton worms destroy Epps' crops, so he leases his slaves to neighbor Judge Turner's plantation for the season. Turner favors Northup and allows him to play fiddle at a celebration and keep his earnings. Northup returns to Epps and pays white field hand and former overseer Armsby to mail a letter to his friends in New York. Armsby takes Northup's money but betrays him. Epps questions and threatens Northup, but Northup convinces him Armsby is lying. Northup burns the letter. Patsey is caught by Epps going to a neighboring plantation to acquire soap, as Mrs. Epps will not let her have any. Epps orders Northup to whip Patsey, which he reluctantly does, but Epps demands he strike her harder, eventually taking the whip and beating Patsey nearly to death. Enraged and regretting what he did, Northup destroys his violin.  Northup begins constructing a gazebo with Canadian laborer Samuel Bass. Bass, citing his Christian faith, strongly opposes slavery and castigates Epps, earning his enmity. Northup reveals his kidnapping to Bass and asks for help sending his letter. Bass hesitates because of the risk but agrees. The local sheriff arrives, and Northup recognizes his companion as Mr. Parker, a shopkeeper he knew in New York. As they embrace, Epps furiously protests and tries to prevent Northup from leaving but is rebuffed. Northup bids farewell to Patsey and rides off to his freedom.  Northup returns home to reunite with his wife and children. His daughter, who is now married, presents his husband and namesake grandson Solomon Northup Staunton. He apologizes for his long absence while his family comforts him.  The epilogue titles recount Northup's unsuccessful lawsuits against Brown, Hamilton, and Birch; the 1853 publication of Northup's slave narrative memoir, Twelve Years a Slave; his role in the abolitionist movement; and the absence of information regarding his death and burial.
The film begins with a baby, Sebastian, being born. After Sebastian viciously murders the doctors who delivered him, his mother (Sara Malakul Lane) realizes that there is something seriously wrong with the child. Over the course of the film, Sebastian brutally murders many people and tragedy strikes many others. Mahari (Jesus Guevara) attempts to steal the baby from Sebastian's birth parents many times, and eventually does. He kidnaps Sebastian in order to follow his dark destiny. Police officers attempt to kill Mahari, but Mahari and his companions use Sebastian to murder them. The film ends with all the main characters dead, and their deaths were associated in some way to Sebastian.
In April 2003, avid mountaineer Aron Ralston goes hiking at Utah's Canyonlands National Park without telling anyone. He befriends lost hikers Kristi and Megan and gives them directions. While guiding them, he shows them an underground pool. The three have a good time there, and that afternoon, the girls invite him to a party that is being held the following night. Aron accepts and says goodbye to the girls, who head home. He continues through a slot canyon in Bluejohn Canyon. While climbing, an 800 lb (362kg) boulder he is hanging off comes loose and causes both to fall, which traps his right arm against the wall. Aron attempts to move the boulder, but it does not budge; he also soon realizes he is alone. He shortly begins recording a video diary using his camcorder to maintain morale as he chips away parts of the boulder with a pocket knife. At one point, the knife falls off his hand, and he is forced to use his bare feet and a little branch to recover it. Over the next five days, Aron rations his food and remaining 300ml of water, struggles to keep warm at night, and is forced to drink his urine when his water runs out. He also sets up a pulley using his climbing rope in a futile attempt to lift the boulder.  Throughout the days, Aron becomes desperate and depressed and begins hallucinating about escape, relationships, and past experiences, including his family and his former girlfriend, Rana. He also imagines going to the party he was invited to and having fun. During one hallucination, Aron realizes his mistake was that he did not tell anyone where he was going or for how long. Aron has a vision of his future son on the sixth day, spurring his will to survive. He fashions a tourniquet from CamelBak tube insulation and uses a carabiner to tighten it. Then, using his knowledge of torque, he breaks the bones in his arm and, using the multi-tool, slowly amputates it. Aron then wraps the stump to prevent exsanguination and takes a picture of the boulder before rappelling down a  rockface. He then finds some rainwater collected while descending down, drinks the stagnant water due to dehydration, and continues. He spots a family on a hike in the desert and calls for help. They give him water and alert the authorities; a Utah Highway Patrol helicopter brings him to a hospital.  A textual epilogue reveals that years later, Aron got married and had a son. He also continues climbing and always leaves a note telling his family where he has gone.
Vincent "Vince" Ferro overhears people talking about a dead man who was going to start a well-paid job. Ferro, in need of money, steals an envelope containing the instructions for the job. He arrives at an event in a secluded place. He is ordered to strip, and his boot heels are cut off, in order to check for surveillance equipment. The organizers accept him for the job instead of the dead man. The job is participation in a series of Russian roulette games. There are several participants, identified by number. In each round, the participants have to spin the cylinder of their revolver, and shoot when the light of a special light bulb is switched on. The event is organized for the enjoyment of rich spectators, one of these spectators being Jasper Bagges, who places bets on who will survive. Bagges bets on his brother Ronald, who was brought from the mental institution. One of the participants Patrick Jefferson who was brought out from prison by his patron Jimmy to compete begs Jimmy to help him but is ignored. He then bargains with Jimmy about the hidden loot which he and his son robbed from a truck before going to prison. He requests Jimmy to give half of the loot to his imprisoned son and Jimmy can keep half of it if he dies in the game.     In the first round, the participants each get one bullet in their revolver, they are arranged into a circle, and each has to aim his revolver at the man in front of him. Ferro tries to back out, but he is forced to participate. As #13, he survives the first round and fires his gun only after being threatened with death. In the second round, in which two bullets are placed in each gun, Ferro survives only because the man behind him is killed before he could fire. In the third round, with three bullets in each gun, Ferro again survives, along with four other men. In the final round, Ferro is one of two survivors randomly chosen to participate in a duel. The three others are finished and get a large sum of money. Jimmy then tries to garrote Jefferson to steal the map of the loot to take all the money for himself. Another employee catches Jimmy in the act, and demands that he stop, insisting that nobody is allowed to harm the surviving players. Jefferson then reveals the supposed map to Jimmy which turns out to be blank paper and mock Jimmy for being fooled by him. As the angered Jimmy leaves, Jefferson collects his belongings and leaves but not before burning the paper, which turns out to be the hidden real map of his loot so no one cannot find it as well as fooling Jimmy from pursuing him later on.   Against the odds, Ferro wins the duel and gets $1,850,000 (USD). He also learns that his opponent won his last 3 duels. He collects his winnings and sneaks away from the mansion, arriving at a train station. When he spots police closing in on him, he stashes his winnings in a garbage can. After being interrogated by the police, he retrieves the money and sends it to his family, via registered mail, and buys a toy for his sister's birthday. However, on the way home, he is shot by Jasper, partly in revenge for Ferro having killed Ronald, and partly to steal the money, as he thinks Ferro still has the money with him. Jasper escapes with the money bag, not knowing that it only contains the toy. Before dying, Ferro takes out the package receipt and swallows it so the authority and Jasper will not be able to trace the money.
In 2012, following the overthrow of Muammar Gaddafi, Benghazi in Libya is named one of the most dangerous places in the world, and countries have pulled their diplomatic offices out of the country in fear of an attack by militants. The United States still has a diplomatic compound, not an official consulate, open in the city. Less than a mile away is a top secret CIA base, "the Annex," which is protected by a team of private military contractors from Global Response Staff (GRS). New to the detail is former US Navy SEAL Jack Silva, who arrives in Benghazi and is picked up by fellow former US Navy SEAL Tyrone "Rone" Woods, the commander of the GRS team and a personal friend of Silva. Arriving at the Annex, Silva is introduced to the rest of the GRS team: former US Marines Mark "Oz" Geist, John "Tig" Tiegen and Dave "Boon" Benton and former US Army Ranger Kris "Tanto" Paronto and the CIA Chief of Station, "Bob", who constantly gives the team strict reminders to never engage the citizens.  Prior to the US Ambassador's arrival, the GRS team members visit the Special Mission, where the Ambassador will be staying. They review the location and warn Diplomatic Security Service (DSS) Agents Scott Wickland and Dave Ubben about the risk of minimal-security arrangements and the high probability of a surprise attack due to the weak central government. US Ambassador Chris Stevens arrives in Benghazi to maintain diplomatic connections amid the political and social chaos, with limited protection from five DSS Agents, principally Wickland and Ubben, along with guards hired from the local February 17th Martyrs Brigade militia, nicknamed "17-Feb." On the morning of the eleventh anniversary of the September 11 attacks, Stevens notices suspicious men taking pictures of the compound and notifies his security detail. Back at the Annex, Silva finds out that his wife is pregnant.  That night, a group of militants from Ansar al-Sharia assault the compound. The 17-Feb guards are quickly overrun, which allows the attackers easy access to the compound. Wickland takes Stevens and Smith, an IT specialist, to the safe room. Unable to breach the safe room, the attackers set the building on fire hoping to burn the men out. Wickland escapes but loses both Stevens and Smith. At the Annex, the GRS team desperately wants to go to the compound to help, but the Chief refuses for fear that the team's departure would expose the Annex. However, the team dispatches to the compound anyway and meets up with the DSS Agents, with the team splitting up: Silva, Woods, and Tiegen head to the consulate, while Paronto and Benton head to the back gate, assisted by a few 17-Feb militants. Silva and Woods enter the building searching for Stevens and Smith but find only Smith's body. After an intense firefight inside the compound against the militants, the DSS team retreats in a car, but after a beat-up Wickland goes the wrong way, they are followed by militants on their way back to the Annex. Later, the GRS team also retreats to the Annex.  Knowing that an attack by the militants is imminent, the CIA staff of the Annex makes several desperate calls for help, but only former US Navy SEAL Glen "Bub" Doherty, a GRS operator in Tripoli, helps. He forms a team, including two Delta Force operators, that flies to Benghazi after several delays. Meanwhile, the GRS team fends off the militants as they try to breach the Annex perimeter. After repelling the largest attack wave, the Annex receives word from ISR that help is coming.  The Tripoli GRS reinforcements arrive and begin to prepare the CIA and DSS staff for their departure to the airport. The militants launch a mortar attack in which Ubben and Geist are wounded, and Geist's left arm is partially severed. Woods rushes to aid Geist and is killed by another mortar round. Doherty is also killed when a third mortar detonates directly in front of him.  While a wounded Geist and Ubben are being tended to, Delta Force operatives dispose of Woods' body, angering Silva. With the GRS team compromised and the Annex now vulnerable, the remaining GRS operators watch as a convoy of vehicles rolls toward the Annex. Fearing the worst, the operators prepare to make a final stand until it is revealed that the convoy is an element of the Libya Shield Force militia that is escorting the GRS reinforcements. They also find out that Stevens had been found behind the compound but was pronounced dead at the hospital.  At the airport, the CIA staff and the wounded Geist board the plane to Tripoli while the remainder of the GRS team waits for the next plane with the bodies of Stevens, Smith, Woods, and Doherty. Paronto is approached by his 17-Feb allies and gives them some keys to Gaddafi's old armored vehicles. Meanwhile, Silva speaks with his wife and tells her that he is finally coming home; however, he tearfully relays the news that Woods didn't make it. Shortly after, he briefly recalls a conversation with Woods they had at the annex and zips his bodybag up. Closing titles reveal that Libya had become a failed state and is now a stronghold for ISIS, and that all of the surviving members of the Annex security GRS team received contractor medals at a private ceremony, have since retired from the GRS team, and live with their families and that Geist was able to save his arm after several surgeries after the military reenlists him so that he can receive the best medical care possible.
Elliot Brindle, a meek salesman, loses his job despite his debt and the people who depend on him: Michael, his mentally disabled brother; Shelby, his pregnant fiancée; and Samson, his abusive father.  Elliot receives a mysterious phone call that offers him $1,000 to assertively kill a fly that has been harassing him.  After Elliot checks his bank account online and sees that he has been credited, he accepts the next challenge: to eat the dead fly.  The caller explains that he will be offered a series of thirteen challenges, each of which will result in greater rewards.  If he fails to complete any of them, interferes in the game, or reveals the game, he will forfeit all the money, including any he already won.  The next few challenges attract police attention: making a young girl cry, arson, and scamming a homeless person with an ostrich.  When the child identifies Elliot in the police station based on wanted posters, Detective Chilcoat takes over the case.  Shelby becomes concerned about Elliot's secretive and odd behavior, and he explains that he is planning a surprise.  For his sixth challenge, Elliot is forced to take a corpse of a man who committed suicide out for coffee.  Given a strict deadline, Elliot panics and brazenly steals a cup of coffee from a table of on-duty police officers. When confronted, Elliot notices that they are drinking alcohol and threatens to file a complaint which forces them to back off. Elliot is rewarded two challenge completions for this feat.  After he flees the scene, the caller tells Elliot that he has left behind his library card as evidence; however, if he wins the game, his record will be purged.  At the same time, Chilcoat follows Vogler, a conspiracy theorist that has been investigating the game. Paranoid, Vogler flees Chilcoat but advises him to kill Elliot at his first opportunity. Chilcoat eventually tracks down Vogler at a bar and discuss that the game's sole purpose is turning players into monstrosities at the promise of millions of dollars. Vogler states his wife once played the game, resulting in her eating their dog. For his next challenge, Elliot receives no instructions and is taken to a rural motel.  There, a man identifies himself as a former childhood bully, and the caller tells Elliot to sever the man's arm.  Elliot initially refuses but does so once the man taunts him.  After driving the man to the hospital, Elliot beats the man's brother with a chair as revenge for him bullying Elliot and Michael, including urinating in Michael’s face. As a result, he is credited with two more completed challenges.  When the police arrive at the banquet hall where Elliot and Shelby are having their rehearsal dinner, Elliot is surprised to discover that they are interested in Michael, who says he revealed himself to a young woman partially due to his medication being cut off. To give Michael time to escape, he accepts his next challenge, to destroy the banquet hall while singing The Internationale.  Disappointed in his reluctance to break social norms, the caller then instructs Elliot to surrender to the police, from whom Elliot learns that another person has been playing the game while committing other acts such as pushing an elder down the stairs and burning down an entire shrine.  Elliot takes and accidentally wounds a hostage to escape and complete the game before the other competitor. As he escapes, he's forced to leave behind his cell phone.  Desperate, he takes an old woman hostage when she shows up, sure that she is involved in his next challenge.  After feigning ignorance, the old woman reveals his next challenge: to set a stainless steel wire across the road.  Elliot is horrified when he realizes that a group of bikers have been instructed to speed down the road.  Although he disarms the trap in time, the other competitor arms a similar trap down the road, and the cyclists are decapitated.  Disgusted and mortified, Elliot quits the game, tossing the phone away before he's told the last challenge and, when he returns home, discovers that Michael is the other competitor.  Michael reveals that the final challenge is to kill a family member.  Although Elliot originally tries to talk Michael out of killing their father, Elliot becomes homicidal when their father reveals he won the game by killing their mother, which led to a miserable life despite his victory. To prevent his sons from experiencing the horror of losing everything closest to them from winning the game, Samson slices his neck and commits suicide.  However, Michael refuses to stop playing the game and attempts to kill Elliot.  Elliot kills Michael in self-defense, though he is stabbed multiple times.  Elliot is credited for his final challenge, but he forfeits all the money when he interferes with the game by shooting Chilcoat, who had murdered the conspiracy theorist and has now arrived to clean up the crime scene, thus revealing his involvement with the game.  Later, Elliot learns that Shelby has declined to play the game, and he collapses laughing happily.
For a thousand years man has been adding a day to the calendar every 4 years and in doing so violated mankind's interpretation of the Mayan Calendar's prediction that the world would end in 2012. On the 13th day of the 13th month of the new millennium, survivors confront a world of demons. On 13/13/13 the entire human race (with the exception of those born on a leap day) go insane. Those who were born on a leap year are stuck to battle the demons.
Lukas Reyes is trapped in a seemingly endless loop between parallel existences, one being occupied by his spouse, Sera, and another being occupied by a relation from another life, Nara. As worlds seem to begin colliding and further bleeding into one another, he finds himself pursued by a group of shadow-men known as "The Knowers". The common thread between everything being a significance with the time 11:45 - fifteen minutes until midnight. Plot summary at imdb.com
Abby Jensen has been planning her sweet sixteen since she was a little girl, and keeps a list of wishes that she wants to come true. When her sixteenth birthday finally arrives, she adds her crush Logan as her sixteenth and final wish to the list. Throughout the day, Abby is consistently visited by a peculiar woman named Celeste, who first appears as an exterminator when the Jensens' house is swarmed by a wasps’ nest that had been building up for 16 years. Celeste saves Abby's list, but the family is unable to return inside until the wasps are exterminated.  Abby meets her best friend, Jay Kepler at the bus stop where he gives her a necklace for a birthday gift. Celeste returns, dressed as a mailwoman, and gives Abby 16 candles and a matchbox. Abby lights the first candle and her first wish, meeting celebrity Joey Lockhart, is fulfilled. Realizing that the numbers of the candles correspond to the numbers of the wishes on her list, Abby lights the eighth candle, granting her wish for a car; when Celeste emerges from the car, Abby deduces that Celeste is a magical being.  Abby unsuccessfully tries to fulfill her third wish. Celeste explains that there is a limit to how many wishes can be granted within an hour, and that at midnight, the wishes she made will become permanent. Throughout the day, Abby uses the candles to beat her rival Krista Cook, who has the same birthday as her, in a volleyball match, and become student body president.  Jay agrees to take Abby shopping for a dress for her party but drops his wallet. They are followed by Krista, who convinces the clerk to eject them. Abby uses the 9th candle to make a wish to be treated like an adult, creating consequences of adulthood that she did not previously consider; Abby is suddenly 22 years old and now overage for high school. None of her classmates remember her and she cannot live with her parents due to the festering of wasps in their home. She has an apartment, but the landlord is ready to evict her for nonpayment of rent.  Abby unsuccessfully tries to alter and add to her wish list. When she makes a wish for her parents to understand her, it is granted, but her parents only understand her under the impression that she is an adult. Finding Jay at Krista’s sweet sixteen, she manages to restore his memories of their friendship by showing him the necklace he gave her, but he remains unable to help her. After talking to Krista, Abby learns that the two are on good terms in adulthood, and that Jay wanted to be student body president.  Abby returns to her apartment, where she meets Celeste and laments her selfishness. Celeste reveals that, because the photo of Logan was attached to the list using chewed gum, it technically does not count and can be changed. Abby swaps out the photo for one of her taken that morning, and wishes to return to that morning right before midnight strikes.  With her life back to normal, Abby throws away her wish list and gives her money to her brother Mike for a guitar. Abby realizes that Krista dislikes her because she took Jay away from her as a friend. The two reconcile and work together to make Jay student body president, fulfilling his dream. At Abby and Krista’s joint birthday party, Krista and Logan become a couple, as do Jay and Abby. As all four dance in celebration, Celeste turns into a fairy and flies away.
Ally Mash is a 16 year old San Diego high school student who is also the number one American junior tennis player. She has never had a normal life due to her father's obsessive coaching, but things change when she suffers an injury playing a fiercely competitive Russian rival. Sidelined, she skips her father's rehabilitation training and coaches a low-level player, Farrell Gambles, while discovering a normal teenage life including falling in love. Concurrently she builds up to a rematch with her Russian rival.
When Levi Savage, a former Mormon Battalion member and missionary to Asia, agrees to assist the Willie Handcart Company as they journey to Salt Lake City in 1856, the late start and onset of a bitter winter leaves the pioneers unprepared and suffering as they cross the plains of the Midwestern United States. Elizabeth Panting, a woman who has converted to the Church of Jesus Christ of Latter-day Saints (LDS Church), escapes her drunken husband with her two little children, joining the handcart company. With the threat of winter starvation, illness, wolves, freezing river crossings, and death following them throughout their journey, Levi and others also witness the occurrences of divine miracles that enable them to complete their journey and arrive in Salt Lake City.
Exactly 100 years after the Armenian genocide committed within Ottoman Empire, a director (Simon Abkarian) is staging a play at the historic Los Angeles Theatre to honor the victims of the massacre. The play stars his enigmatic wife (Angela Sarafyan) as an Armenian woman in 1915 who must make a tragic and controversial decision that will change the course of history. This will not be an ordinary performance. As protesters surround the theater before showtime, and a series of strange accidents spread panic among its actors (Sam Page, Nikolai Kinski) and producer (Jim Piddock), it appears that Simon's mission is far more dangerous than we think—and the ghosts of the past are everywhere.
On 6 April 1917, aerial reconnaissance has observed that the Imperial German Army, which has pulled back from a sector of the Western Front in northern France, is not in retreat but has made a strategic withdrawal to the new Hindenburg Line, where they are waiting to overwhelm the British with artillery. In the British trenches, with field telephone lines cut, two young British lance corporals, William Schofield, a veteran of the Somme, and Tom Blake, are ordered by General Erinmore to carry a message to Colonel Mackenzie of the 2nd Battalion of the Devonshire Regiment, calling off a scheduled attack the next morning that would jeopardise the lives of 1,600 men, including Blake's brother Joseph, a lieutenant.  Schofield and Blake cross no man's land to reach the abandoned German trenches, but Schofield injures his left hand along the way. In an underground barracks, they discover a tripwire set by the Germans, which is promptly triggered by a rat; the explosion almost kills Schofield, but Blake saves him, and the two escape. They arrive at an abandoned farmhouse, where a German plane is shot down in a dogfight with Allied aircraft. Schofield and Blake save the burned pilot from the wreck. Blake persuades Schofield to get water for the pilot. When Schofield's back is turned, the pilot stabs Blake. Schofield shoots the pilot dead and comforts Blake as he dies, promising to complete the mission and to write to Blake's mother. Taking Blake's rings and dog tag, as well as Erinmore's letter, he is picked up by a passing British unit.  A destroyed canal bridge near Écoust-Saint-Mein prevents the British lorries from crossing, and Schofield chooses to part with them. He uses what is left of the bridge to cross alone, and comes under fire from a sniper. Exchanging shots, Schofield wounds the sniper and advances, whereupon he and the sniper shoot each other simultaneously; the sniper is killed, while Schofield is struck in the helmet and knocked unconscious. He awakens at night and makes his way through the flare-lit ruins of the town. After evading a German soldier, he discovers a French woman hiding with a presumably orphaned infant. She treats his wounds, and he gives her his canned food and milk from the farm. Despite her pleas, Schofield leaves, after hearing the chimes of a nearby clock and realising that time is running out. Encountering German soldiers, he strangles one to death and escapes pursuit by jumping into a river. The river carries him while the cherry blossoms fall. He is swept over a waterfall before reaching the riverbank. In the forest, he finds D Company of the 2nd Devons, which is in the last wave of the attack. As the company starts to move toward the front, Schofield tries to reach Colonel Mackenzie.  Realising that the trenches are too crowded for him to make it to Mackenzie in time, Schofield goes "over the top" and sprints on the open battlefield parallel to the British trench line, just as the infantry begins its charge. He forces his way in to meet Mackenzie, who reads the message and reluctantly calls off the attack. Schofield looks for Blake's brother, and finds him, who was among the first wave and is bloodied but unharmed. Schofield informs Joseph of his mission and of Tom's death, passing on Tom's rings and dog tag. Joseph is deeply upset about his brother but thanks Schofield for his efforts. Schofield asks for permission to write to their mother about Tom's heroics, to which Joseph agrees. Exhausted, Schofield sits under a nearby tree and looks at photographs of his family; on the back of one of them is the message Come back to us.
In 1922, Wilfred "Wilf" James is a farmer living in Hemingford, Nebraska with his wife, Arlette James, and their 14-year-old son, Henry. Wilf is strongly opposed to Arlette's plans to sell the farm and move to Omaha. He decides to convince Henry to help murder Arlette, holding Henry's girlfriend, Shannon Cotterie, whose relationship Arlette opposes, at stake. Henry reluctantly agrees to assist his father in carrying out the murder.  Wilf pretends to agree to the sale, appeasing Arlette. As she celebrates, she becomes inebriated. After Wilf carries her to bed in a drunken stupor, Henry covers her face while Wilf cuts her throat with a butcher's knife. Wilf plans to bury her body with Henry's help, however Henry faints in the middle of carrying her, and so Wilf is forced to dump Arlette into a dry well, where her corpse is soon fed upon by rats. The next day, they drop a cow into the well to hide Arlette's body and provide a reason for filling in the well. Sheriff Jones is suspicious following her sudden disappearance; he searches the house, but finds no proof of a crime, tentatively believing Wilf's story that his wife absconded.  As time passes, Henry becomes brooding and isolated, regretting the crime that he and his father have committed. Shannon grows increasingly concerned and subsequently discovers she is pregnant with Henry's child. Her parents decide to send her to a Catholic institution in Omaha until the baby is born and will then be placed for adoption. Henry steals Wilf's car, arrives in Omaha, and runs away with Shannon.  As the winter passes, Wilf appears to be going insane, being constantly harassed by rats. He takes out a mortgage on his house to fix it up, but is never actually able to begin the work, as a rat bites his hand while he searches through an upstairs closet. Owing to continued neglect, the roofs on his barn and his house cave in, but he is too consumed by guilt and alcohol to fix them, and in his increasing isolation, his hand injury worsens. His house falls in to a state of total disrepair and becomes completely infested by rats.  In a climactic scene, Wilf is confronted by the ghost of his wife, surrounded by the rats that ate her corpse. She corners him in the basement and sadistically whispers to him. She recounts, as the viewer sees, the fate of Henry and Shannon. They became robbers, known as the "Sweetheart Bandits". During one of their heists, Shannon is shot, causing her to miscarry the baby and ultimately die from massive blood loss in an abandoned house they found by the side of the road. Henry lies down next to her and dies by suicide with a handgun.  Later, while in the hospital after his hand is amputated owing to the infection, Wilf is told by the sheriff that an unidentified woman's body has been found on the side of the road, which the sheriff assumes is Arlette. Henry's body is delivered to Wilf, which, like his mother's body, has been chewed through by rats. No one attends Henry's funeral except for Wilf. He again sees the ghost of his wife surrounded by rats. Wilf attempts to sell his land to Shannon's father, who bluntly tells Wilf to leave his property and never come back. After selling the land to the livestock company at a low price, Wilf moves to Omaha and finds a job hauling pallets, but cannot escape being followed by rats.  Eight years later, in 1930, Wilf writes his confession, concluding, "In the end, we all get caught." By the time he finishes, dozens of rats have swarmed his room. Arlette, Henry, and Shannon's corpses have appeared in front of Wilf. Brandishing the same butcher's knife used to kill his mother, Henry tells Wilf that his death will be quick.
The film is set in Philadelphia 1982. Tim Brown walks in the kitchen to Shenae who is washing dishes. He wraps his arms around her while saying "Scrabble" to their daughter Maya. Maya responses saying "with ice cream too" handing Tim a dish rag while saying "ice cream too, yay" and running out the kitchen. Tim says to Shenae "food was amazing babe" Shenae responds by mentioning she spoke to Tim's mom but in fact she only called to talk to Maya. Tim leaves the kitchen after being shocked that his mom and Shenae spoke but Shenae mentions she spoke to Maya. Later on that night the family played Scrabble and Shenae asks how does Maya know so many words especially such as Panacea and she goes on to define the word for Shenae before Tim puts her in bed to say goodnight and puts change in her Michaelangelo bank.  The next day, Maya is talking to Micah about the ball some men took from her. She attempts to take the ball back but they keep it from her and the little boy. Alonzo starts walking over to them and tells one of men to give the ball back; the guy asks why and he repeats "give them the ball back." The man gives the ball to Maya and says he was just playing as Maya walks away. Alonzo then grabs the man and say don't make me have to ask you to do something twice and burns his face with the cigarette he was smoking. Alonzo then ask the rest of the guys if they have anything else to say (no one says anything).  Back at the house, Shenae is cleaning and Tim decides to put on a song by The Stylistics. While the record is playing, Tim calls out to Shenae while she is in the kitchen. She says what walking to the room he was in and he insist they dance together in the living room. He tells her he has tickets for Breakwater, Frankie Smith, and Pieces of a Dream at 7pm. Shenae declines and says she is going out with Neecy's instead. Maya walks in and starts to go upstairs but Tim tells her to come sit and talk with him. He then asks about the book she is reading. Maya mentions The Iliad, she misplaced it however states how she likes it a lot while her mom Shenae walks in interrupting their talk for a kiss. Maya kisses her mom and goes up stairs. Tim starts to record Shenae with a tape recorder and she mentioned how she hates that thing and Tim stops. Tim and Scoop are leaving work and Scoop asked Tim for a ride, Tim takes him to his house. Shenae is braiding Maya's hair where they run into Shenae outside after she tells Maya she is done. Maya ask to go outside and that's where she runs into Alonzo saying he has a lollipop for her, Maya says bye and leaves after Shenae tells her too. Shenae ask Alonzo why he was at her house - he states he was checking in on her. He then hands her heroin in a dime bag. Tim pulls up with Scoop; Tim ask Shenae who was that; referring to Alonzo walking off. Ignoring the question she asks why Scoop was there at their house. Shenae ignores the question by telling Scoop "you know that's why I don’t like you". Scoop states how he doesn't like her either then tells Tim bye and walks away. Shenae tells Tim his mother calls while he walks in the house not before asking what's for dinner. Shenae replies she doesn't know and sits on the steps outside staring at the small bag of drugs.  Later that night, Shenae is crying on the sofa holding a small teddy bear as Maya walks down the stairs she asked Shenae if she is okay. Shenae wipes her tears and says she's fine and holds Maya. Maya asked her if she wants her to sing a song. Maya starts singing to her mom. Week 2 Shenae comes in at 7am and wakes Tim. He tells her it's 7:00 and asks where she was last night. Tim knocks on Neecy's door and angrily asks her if his wife slept at her house last night. She first says no and then as he walks away she says yes she left that morning. Tim goes through the motions waiting for Shenae to get home and she mentioned she was at Neecy's and he asks her about the guy that she was talking to the other day. She says no and goes to pack her things mentioning she's going to Neecy's. She runs into Maya on her way out and states they both need a scrabble rematch Saturday at 2. Unfortunately, Saturday came and Shenae never showed up. Tim tells Maya Shenae was helping Neecy while she was sick and he got her Jim's cheesesteak.
After recently moving to Los Angeles to seek independence, as well as enroll in a fashion and costume design course, Sarah goes apartment hunting and successfully manages to get a spot for a one-bedroom apartment in a seemingly friendly neighborhood complex which houses 30 or so residents. Sarah bonds with some of the residents, most notably Jerry, the manager; Brian, her neighbor; and Edie, an elderly lady. Sarah develops sleep deprivation and lethargy after moving into her new apartment due to loud noises that she always hears at night. Because of her lack of sleep, she forgets to hand in her portfolio to her enrollment course. She confides in her co-worker and friend Lisa, who comforts her. During a barbeque party, Lester, a resident, recommends the book The Power of Community by Charles D. Ellerby to Sarah, which she politely declines.  One night, while unable to sleep, Sarah is attacked and drugged unconscious by Brian and some other residents. When Sarah awakens, she is in a sealed room and Jerry and Brian walk in and reveal to her that the apartment complex is home to a cult and all the residents in the apartment complex are part of the cult and that she has been chosen to become their new member. The cult was started 30 years earlier by a man named Charles D. Ellerby and he has written a book titled The Power of Community, which includes four key principles that the cult members live by. Jerry and Brian have cut off all her contact from the outside world and ensured that no one will try to find her now that she is in the cult's captivity.  Sarah unwillingly undergoes a torturous initiation process that every resident before her also had to endure. Once it is over, she is given a copy of The Power of Community and she is told to read and study the book. Sarah is also given a few other tasks to perform in order to contribute to the cult, such as marrying Lester, carrying out surveillance of the members via CCTV footage, and cooking for the children. Initially resistant to the cult, Sarah is slowly brainwashed into accepting and joining it as they promise her a sense of belonging and purpose. Eventually, Sarah is branded with the cult's logo after taking a lie detector test that shows she has truly become sincere about wanting to be in the cult.  Some time later, the cult reopens its doors to find a new member under a guise of an open house seeking a new resident. Sarah discovers that her friend and for co-worker Lisa has come to the open house. She is shocked when she learns that Jerry has chosen Lisa as the next member and she warns Jerry that the strong-minded Lisa will be hard to convert. During Lisa's forced initiation process, Sarah reveals herself to Lisa and tells her that joining the cult will change her life for the better. Lisa, however, manages to get Sarah back to sanity and Sarah realizes she has to escape the cult. They attempt an escape together, but Lisa is shot dead by Jerry in the process.  Sarah manages to take away Jerry's gun from him and she proceeds to kill Jerry and Brian who try to stop her from escaping. Sarah escapes the apartment complex and runs happily into the streets thinking she is free. Once outside, she realizes that all the houses on the surrounding property belong to CDE residences (abbreviation of Charles D. Ellerby, the founding father of the cult) and the logo for CDE residences is the same as that for the cult. An alarm sounds for all of the buildings and she realizes that she will be hunted by the cult members. Sarah runs down the street, determined to escape.
Robert "Bobby" Trench and Michael "Stig" Stigman are two criminals working together. Unbeknownst to each other, Bobby is an undercover DEA Special Agent  and Stig is an undercover US Navy SEAL and Petty Officer 1st Class with the United States Navy Office of NavaI Intelligence. They meet drug lord Manny "Papi" Greco at his farm in Mexico, where Papi gives Bobby a packet of cash instead of the cocaine he requested.  Upon their return to the U.S., Bobby reports to his superior, Special Agent Jessup, and fellow agent Deb Rees, that he did not get the cocaine they need to convict Papi. Afterwards, Bobby privately tells Rees, his mistress, that he will help Stig rob $3 million from Papi's bank in Tres Cruces, Texas to prosecute Papi for tax evasion. Stig reports to his commanding officer, Lieutenant Commander Harold Quince, who tells him to kill Bobby so they can use the money to fund covert operations. Bobby and Stig are surprised to find over $43 million in the vault, not $3 million. Stig follows orders to betray Bobby and escape with the money. He shoots Bobby in the upper arm rather than killing him, but is surprised to see Bobby's DEA badge and leaves him in the desert. After bringing in the money, Stig is betrayed by Quince, but escapes. Meanwhile a man named Earl aggressively interrogates people associated with the robbery and follows Bobby's trail.  Bobby goes to Stig's to find the money, only to have Stig contact him from a sniper post across the street. A hit squad sent by Quince attacks the apartment but Stig helps Bobby escape. Bobby tries to tell Jessup what happened, but Earl and his men are already there. Earl kills Jessup, frames Bobby, and lets him go, agreeing to clear his name if he recovers the $43 million. Bobby and Stig kidnap Papi and clear the air between them before interrogating Papi in Rees' garage. Papi tells them that Earl is a CIA Agent and that the money they stole was the CIA's cut of drug profits Papi and other cartels pay in exchange for using CIA planes to smuggle drugs across the border. When the house is attacked by Quince's team, Bobby, Stig, and Rees escape, as does Papi. The three are captured by Papi's men and taken to his farm. After a beating, the men are given 24 hours to return the money or Rees will die. Bobby infiltrates Quince's office at the Naval Air Station in Corpus Christi, discovering Quince is Rees' boyfriend, and they had planned to steal the money for themselves.   Meanwhile, Stig asks Admiral Tuwey, Quince's boss, for help. Tuwey orders Quince's arrest but disavows Stig to protect the Navy's reputation. Both men escape from US Navy Masters-at-Arms officers, but Papi kills Rees because they were unable to return the money in time. Bobby later realizes the money is in a motel room he and Rees had frequented, while Stig returns to Papi's farm for vengeance. Stig is surrounded by Papi's men when both Quince and Earl intervene. Bobby arrives in a car filled with money and blows it up, scattering bills everywhere and leading to a massive shootout. During a standoff, Earl reveals that the CIA has 20 other secret banks, and the loss of the $43 million is only a minor setback. Signaling Stig with a phrase from an earlier conversation, Bobby shoots Quince and Stig shoots Earl. Finally, they kill Papi and escape, but not before Bobby shoots Stig in the leg as payback for being shot earlier. They plan to continue to take down the CIA's secret banks, and Bobby reveals that he stashed some of the stolen money away.
The film opens with a group of wakeboarders being attacked and devoured by a two-headed great white shark. Meanwhile, Sea King, a Semester at Sea ship led by Professor Franklin Babish and his wife, Anne, hits a dead shark, which becomes lodged in the boat's propeller, damaging the ship's hull and causing the boat to take on water. Soon after, the two-headed shark attacks the boat and breaks the radio antenna, preventing ship co-captain Laura from summoning help. Professor Babish and the students use a dinghy to take shelter on a nearby deserted atoll, while Anne remains on the Sea King with Laura and the ship's crew, Han and Dikilla. Laura was ripped in half by the two-headed shark.  Meanwhile, professor and the students explore the atoll. Assembling in an abandoned fishing village, they set out to search for scrap metal to repair the boat. Haley and Alison go swimming topless with Kirk, only to be eaten by the two-headed shark. The rest of the group meet up and find two small speedboats before an earthquake hits, causing Professor Babish to badly injure his leg. Dana bandages Babish's leg, while Jeff and Mike accompany him back to the Sea King on the dinghy. On the way back, Jeff and Mike discover Laura's severed hand in the water. They are attacked by the shark and eaten attempting to swim back to the Sea King.  The students find two boats on the island, which Kate and Paul manage to fix. Cole finds a gasoline tank to fuel them, but steals one of the boats together with Ryan, Jamie and Alex. Kate, Paul and Dana follow in the other boat. They are all unaware of the shark, which attacks Cole's boat. Ryan falls into the water and is eaten, alerting the others to the shark's presence. Paul concludes it is drawn to Cole's boat as it has a bigger engine. Cole bails, and the shark eats Jamie and Alex. When the survivors reach shore, Kate furiously confronts Cole for abandoning Jamie and Alex. A few minutes later, the Sea King is abandoned and the survivors meet on the island.  Shortly afterward, another earthquake hits. The group realizes that the earthquakes are actually the atoll collapsing in on itself. They hook up a generator to metal poles and place them in the water to distract the shark while Kate and Cole travel to the Sea King and repair the hull. The plan works until the shark attacks the poles, knocking Han and Dikilla into the water to their deaths. Kate fixes the ship, only for Cole to drive away without her, forcing her to swim back to the atoll. The two-headed shark attacks the Sea King, causing it to sink and send out a distress signal; Cole is eaten trying to escape on a lifeboat when his cellphone alerts the shark. The atoll is sinking too, prompting everyone to flee for their lives.  Dana and Kristen get separated from the group and are quickly devoured. Professor Babish and Anne also get separated from the group, and after running into a dead-end due to a tsunami suddenly approaching the atoll, they share one final kiss as the shark eats them. The rest of the group end up in the water as the small tsunami strikes the island. The remaining students swim into the half-sunk village chapel to hide, but the shark breaks in. Lyndsey uses a gun to shoot it, but it quickly eats her. Ethan uses the giant wooden cross in the chapel to try attacking it, which also fails as it eats Liza and Michelle. Paul, Kate, and Kirsten climb out the window and escape while Ethan distracts the shark, only to get caught and eaten as well.  The final three discover a gasoline tank, and lure the shark towards it, but they fail to ignite it. Kate attempts to stab the shark and is nearly eaten, but Kirsten sacrifices herself instead to blow up the shark. However, only one of the shark's heads get blown off. Kate and Paul find one of the boats and turn it on as a decoy, taking shelter on part of the remaining atoll still above water. The shark attacks the unmanned boat, biting the motor; it explodes, finally killing the shark. A helicopter arrives, summoned by the distress signal sent out from the sunken Sea King, saving Kate and Paul.
Documentary filmmaker Chelsea enters the abandoned New York City Subway tunnels that homeless squatters use.  Cops Smitty and Lockeheed warn her to be careful, but she dismisses their concerns.  There, she befriends and interviews Skeeter, who leads her on a tour.  Skeeter introduces her to Jake, an ex-cop who has become self-destructive since his wife's murder; Gabriel, a former social worker; Harmony, an artist; Razor and Ajax, gang members; Flash and Alexis, orphaned twins; and, at her insistence, Angel, the leader of a cult-like, violent anarchist gang.  Angel plans a revolution against the surface world, whom he blames for persecuting the homeless.  After he offhandedly threatens to murder Chelsea as a show of power, Angel releases her and tells her to warn the surface world of his wrath.  Instead of fleeing, Chelsea stays behind and records a hazing ritual performed by Angel's gang.  When Ajax discovers her, Jake rescues Chelsea, drawing the further ire of the gang, who promise retaliations against both of them.  The increased gang activity, including the murder of a Wall Street investor, draws the attention of the cops, who organize a sweep through the tunnels.  Lockeheed's aggressive behavior during the raid culminates in a violent confrontation with Jake.  As Smitty defuses the situation, the gang quietly abducts a young and idealistic cop named Jimmy.  Angel sets fire to Jake's home and mounts Jimmy's bloody body nearby as a warning.  Chelsea and Gabriel rescue Jake, and they attempt to help Jimmy, who is already dead.  Above ground, Smitty and Lockeheed argue over Jake and return to the tunnels to interrogate him about Jimmy, who has been reported missing.  When Lockeheed finds Jake next to Jimmy's dead body, Smitty is no longer able to hold him back.  Jake flees deeper into the tunnels, where he receives conflicting advice from Gabriel and Flash.  Gabriel advises him to avoid violence, and Flash urges him to confront Angel.  When Ajax fails to kill Flash and instead gets beaten, Angel kills Ajax.  Angel then sends his gang out to set bombs in the subway tunnels, and Jake forces Skeeter to lead him to Angel's lair, which is hidden in the deepest, maze-like tunnels.  Jake attempts to stop Razor from setting a bomb, but it explodes, derails a subway train, and brings further police activity in the tunnels.  Razor and Jake fight each other; when Lockeheed shoots Jake in the arm, Razor and Jake both flee into the tunnels.  Angel's gang wounds Flash as they kidnap Chelsea.  Smitty arrests Jake, but Jake convinces Smitty to let him go so that he can rescue Chelsea.  When Jake reaches Angel, he discovers that Angel has planned his own death so that he will become a legend to his followers.  Smitty and Lockeheed, who have reconciled, converge with the rest of the homeless people on Angel's lair, and they join Chelsea in attempting to stop Jake from killing Angel.  Sensing Jake's reluctance, Angel reveals that he was the one who killed Jake's wife.  At the last minute, Jake accepts Gabriel's advice and chooses to forgo violence and revenge.  Smitty and Lockeheed arrest Angel and lead him away.
When the older brother (Tommy Nash) he idolizes is run off the road by a ruthless drug dealer (Darren Thomas) during a nighttime street race known as Sepulveda Suicide, Rick Merchant (Jaz Martin) channels his grief into getting revenge behind the wheel. But to win, he'll need to modify his trusty 1988 Mazda RX-7/Nissan 240sx (Zenki/Kouki, chase scenes) -- with help from a mechanic Kelly (Hennely Jimenez) -- to get the maximum performance out of his machinery.
When this year's round of unsuspecting Northerners fail to show up for their annual Guts N’ Glory Jubilee because the Feds are investigating the disappearances of Northerners over the years, the residents of Pleasant Valley take their twisted carnival on the road and head to Iowa, where they encounter spoiled heiresses, Rome and Tina Sheraton, and the cast and crew of their Road Rascals reality show. They begin killing the cast and crew.  At the end, the residents of Pleasant Valley get an idea to use a TV commercial to lure in their victims.
Niander Wallace is called to a hearing about his desire to manufacture a new generation of replicants. Wallace is warned that what he is doing is illegal and not open to debate, which Wallace questions saying they are debating it. Wallace points out that Earth's ecosystem is collapsing and the only thing that will be able to sustain the human race is cheap labor provided by replicants. He also claims the new replicants are not dangerous to humans, but the lawmakers remain unconvinced. To prove this, he orders his replicant assistant, a newly developed Nexus-9, to purposely cut himself and then decide between Wallace's life and his own. The replicant then cuts his own throat, shocking the lawmakers. Wallace once again asks them if they are willing to authorize the production of new replicants.  Chinese prologue The Chinese version of the film features a text-based prologue. This explains that replicant production had been banned after "the Blackout" in 2022, leading to the bankruptcy of the Tyrell Corporation. Earth's ecosystem has been on the brink of collapse since the mid-2020s. Niander Wallace, the blind CEO of the Wallace Corporation, is explained to have acquired the Tyrell Corporation, and have begun to develop a new generation of replicants to serve as slaves to help rebuild the Earth's environment. This prologue also appears before the Blade Runner short film 2048: Nowhere to Run.
In Los Angeles, in 2048, Sapper Morton is shown weeping hysterically into a mirror. He washes his face in a sink and puts on his glasses. Walking through a crowded street, he is briefly accosted by a group of thugs, whom he ignores. Greeted by Ella, he gives her the book The Power and the Glory to read, a book that he enjoyed. Leaving, Sapper goes to a market to sell leeches he has farmed, being paid $3,000, which is $1,000 less than Sapper needs. After leaving the market, Sapper sees Ella and her mother about to be sexually assaulted by the group of thugs he had earlier ignored. Angered, Sapper proceeds to savagely beat the group and kills most of them, demonstrating superhuman strength and endurance in the process. Seeing Ella and her mother terrified at the violence, a remorseful Sapper leaves the scene, having dropped his identification papers. A spectator, having watched Sapper earlier, calls the LAPD to inform them that he thinks he has found a rogue "skin-job".  Chinese prologue  The Chinese version of the film has a prologue consisting of a wall of text before the film begins. The text explains that replicant production was banned after "the Blackout" in 2022, leading to the bankruptcy of the Tyrell Corporation; additionally, the text explains that the Earth's ecosystem has been on the brink of collapse since the mid-2020s. Niander Wallace, the blind CEO of the Wallace Corporation, is explained to have acquired the Tyrell Corporation, and have begun to develop a new generation of replicants to serve as a slave force to help rebuild the Earth's environment. This prologue previously appeared before Blade Runner short film 2036: Nexus Dawn.
Michael Green (David Vaughn), married, a video game designer and father of two, is struggling to find intimacy with his wife (Irina Abraham).  Upon discovering his brother-in-law Drew (Devin Fuller) has purchased a customizable sex robot, he turns to the warehouse run by Maxwell (Dean Cain) to create his own perfect mate.
In 1979, 15-year-old Jamie Fields lives in Santa Barbara with his 55-year-old single mother, Dorothea, and their two tenants: Abbie Porter, a 24-year-old photographer being treated for cervical cancer, and William, a carpenter and mechanic. Jamie's best friend is 17-year-old Julie Hamlin, who often spends the night with Jamie, but chooses not to have sex with him because she believes it would destroy their friendship.  Concerned she is having trouble connecting with her son, Dorothea asks Abbie and Julie to help raise him, but Jamie responds to this news by running away to Los Angeles with some friends to attend a rock concert. When he gets back, Julie tells him she had unprotected sex and is worried she will get pregnant. Jamie accompanies Abbie to a doctor's appointment, where she learns she is cancer-free, but will likely be unable to have children, and he reads a magazine article about home pregnancy tests. He buys one for Julie, and it comes back negative. To thank Jamie for his support, Abbie makes him a mixtape, and she begins to confide in him, such as about how she moved back home from New York after her cancer diagnosis, but her mother could not handle the fact that the cancer was caused by her use of DES, a fertility drug, while Abbie was in utero, so Abbie moved in with Dorothea.  One day, after seeing Julie sneak out Jamie’s window, Dorothea talks with her, and they end up discussing the fact that Dorothea has not had any real relationships since Jamie’s father left years earlier. Dorothea asks Abbie to show her "the modern world," so they go to a punk club, where William kisses Dorothea, but she rejects him due to his sexual relationship with Abbie. After Dorothea leaves, Abbie gets in a fight and William tells her he no longer wants to sleep with her. Abbie goes to talk to Jamie and, finding him in bed with Julie, says Julie is disempowering Jamie and tells the teens to not get stuck in Santa Barbara.  Later, Jamie asks Abbie to take him to the club, and he gets drunk and kisses a woman. Meanwhile, Dorothea teaches William how to pursue a relationship, as opposed to a one night stand. When Abbie tells Dorothea about Jaime's night, Dorothea is not upset, though she is wistful that, as his mother, she can never see what Jamie is like out in the world.  Abbie lends Jamie some books about feminism, and he finds them interesting, but Dorothea thinks they are too much for him and scolds Abbie. At a dinner party, Abbie says she is tired because she is menstruating, and, frustrated by the discomfort the word causes, she makes all of the men at the table say "menstruation". This inspires Julie to talk about her first period and her first sexual encounter, which ends the gathering.  Jamie tells Julie he no longer wants her to spend the night if she just wants to talk. Hurt, she suggests they take a road trip up the coast. At a hotel, Jamie says he loves Julie, but she says they are too close to have sex. They argue, and Julie accuses Jaime of being like "the other guys", so Jamie storms off. Julie calls Dorothea, but by the time she, Abbie, and William arrive, Jamie has returned. Dorothea tells Jamie that she asked Abbie and Julie for help because she wants Jaime to be happier than she is, and he says he thought they were doing fine already. The two make up and return to Santa Barbara on their own, and Dorothea talks openly about her feelings and dreams for the first time.  An epilogue reveals that Julie will go on the pill, attend NYU, lose touch with Jamie and Dorothea, fall in love, move to Paris, and choose to never have children. Abbie will stay in Santa Barbara, get married, set up a photography studio in her garage, and successfully give birth to two sons. William will live with Dorothea for another year, move to Sedona, open a pottery store, get married, get divorced, and remarry. Dorothea will meet a man in 1983 and stay with him until her death from metastatic lung cancer in 1999. Years after Dorothea's death, Jamie will get married and have a son, to whom he will try, unsuccessfully, to describe Dorothea.
Casey and Miller invite their college friend, Jeff Chang, out to celebrate his 21st birthday. Jeff declines, citing an important medical school interview early the next morning that his domineering doctor father arranged; Jeff finally agrees to having one drink.  At a bar, Jeff accidentally hits a guy with a dart, and the trio flee, interrupting Casey's chat with Jeff's attractive friend, Nicole. Enthused about drinking legally, Jeff over imbibes and passes out. Casey and Miller want to take Jeff home but forget where he lives.  Thinking that Nicole knows Jeff's address, they sneak into what they believe is her sorority house, only to discover it is a Latina one. Upstairs, they encounter two blindfolded pledges undergoing initiation. Miller paddles the girls' buttocks, ordering them to make out. Upon realizing they were tricked, the entire sorority is furious. Casey and Miller escape, first tossing Jeff from an upstairs balcony onto a covered pool. Bouncing off, a drunken Jeff lands in a rose garden still passed out.  The boys locate Nicole at a pep rally. She refers them to her boyfriend, Randy, the angry guy from the bar. When he refuses to look up the address in his phone, they steal it. Jeff no longer lives at that address but a party is in progress there. Searching for somebody who knows Jeff's address, Casey and Miller leave him alone with two stoners. For fun, they strip Jeff, write "Douche Bag" on his forehead and glue a teddy bear to his crotch. He then wanders into the street, causing a commotion. The police apprehend and transfer him to the campus health center.  As Casey and Miller head to the clinic, the vengeful Latina sorority girls abduct them. They find themselves in a ritualistic setting, stripped and shackled to the floor. They are forced to endure what they tricked the two pledge girls into doing. Embarrassed, bruised, and sporting bright-red spanked buttocks, they are released and walk across campus wearing only tube socks over their genitals. Casey blames Miller's immaturity for their predicament, unleashing long-simmering mutual resentment that culminates into a brawl.  At the health center, Casey and Miller discover Jeff is on a 24-hour hold due to a previous suicide attempt. They encounter Nicole. She is there with Randy, who was injured at the pep rally, though she has just broken up with him. Casey and Miller eventually deduce where Jeff lives and smuggle him out of the clinic. Groggy and barely sober, Jeff steals Randy's truck, fleeing with Miller and Casey. Randy and his buddies, and also the police, chase them until the vehicle careens down an embankment, losing the pursuers.  They arrive at Jeff's apartment with barely enough time to prepare him for the interview. Randy arrives, threatening the boys, but Jeff's father shows up and beats Randy. Encouraged by Casey and Miller, Jeff confronts his father, saying he does not want to be a doctor. Dr. Chang berates him until Jeff orders him to leave, surprisingly earning him Randy's respect, who resents his own domineering father. Casey, meanwhile, realizes he has fallen for Nicole and goes after her.  Three months later, Casey, Nicole, Miller, and Jeff are partying at a music festival. Later, Miller, a college dropout who was an intelligent but academically lazy student, applies to Jeff's university. Casey is dating Nicole. Jeff is pursuing music and has a girlfriend.
Andre Davis is a successful NYPD Detective like his father, who was murdered on duty when Andre was 13. Struggling with his father's legacy, Davis has earned a reputation for killing several criminals over the years, although he claims they were all in self-defense and is uncomfortable with the label.  One night, Michael Trujillo and Ray Jackson, two small-time criminals and ex-military soldiers, attempt to steal 30 kilograms of cocaine from a wine shop in Brooklyn. Instead, they find 300 kilograms of cocaine, and when a group of officers from the NYPD's 85th Precinct arrives, Ray guns them down in a shootout, killing seven and wounding another, who later dies at hospital. After Michael and Ray escape into Manhattan with 50 kilograms, Michael chastises Ray for putting them in jeopardy by killing cops. Assigned to the case, Davis and NYPD Narcotics Detective Frankie Burns come into conflict with Sgt. Butchco and Sgt. Dugan, who attempt to allow FBI Special Agents to take over the case. Reasoning that the criminals would have to sell the cocaine in Manhattan before escaping the state, Davis secures the reluctant approval of the Deputy Mayor, the FBI, and the precinct's head, Captain McKenna, for Manhattan Island to be locked down until 5 a.m.  As Ray and Michael go with their liaison, Bush, to meet their buyer, Hawk, who gives them $1 million, Davis and Burns manage to identify all three. Bush is soon gunned down by Butchco and Dugan in a nightclub. After catching Butchco planting his backup sidearm on Bush's body and briefly scuffling with him, Davis becomes more suspicious of his colleagues.  Adi, a money launderer, gives Michael and Ray new identities and tells them to depart for Miami the next morning. However, before he can secure their money in an offshore account, a team of NYPD officers led by Lieutenant Kelly manages to locate and raid his apartment. Adi is mortally wounded but gives Michael two flash drives and their password.  Davis and Burns catch up to Michael and Ray; after accidentally killing a civilian, Ray is fatally wounded by Davis. Michael holds Burns at gunpoint, telling Davis about the drives and how suspicious everything is, before escaping. Burns scolds Davis for letting Michael escape despite Davis' reputation. In a hotel room, Michael unlocks the drives, realizing that McKenna's precinct was involved in trafficking the drugs from the winery and earning profits for it, and that some of the cops he and Ray had killed in the shootout had been corrupt. After another chase where Michael abandons his money, Davis manages to corner him on a subway train and convinces him to surrender, promising to keep him alive. Burns, who has also boarded the train, suddenly shoots Michael, claiming when he berates her that she thought Michael was still holding Davis at gunpoint. Michael secretly gives Davis the drives and password before dying. As the police congratulate the two for their efforts, Davis discovers that Burns had contacted Kelly before Adi's apartment was raided.  The next morning, McKenna returns home to find Davis holding him at gunpoint, having accessed the drives. McKenna explains that the officers went into drug trafficking because they were struggling to survive on a measly pay. Davis, refusing to walk away, kills the arriving Butchco, Dugan and Kelly – who were all on McKenna's payroll – then McKenna, who refuses to surrender. Burns, whom Davis deduced was also allied with McKenna, appears from behind and holds Davis at gunpoint, but surrenders after Davis reveals that he had already leaked the information online, exposing all the corrupt cops in New York, and reasons that her daughter would live without her mother should she get a life sentence for killing him.  In the aftermath, Davis solemnly drives along the Manhattan Bridge in the sunset, taking the drives with him.
In 2005, unpopular-yet-scholarly student Morton Schmidt and popular-yet-underachieving athlete Greg Jenko miss their school prom, Schmidt being rejected by the girl he was trying to ask to be his date and Jenko being barred from attending due to failing grades. Seven years later, the duo meets again at the police academy and become friends and partners on bicycle patrol. They catch a break when they arrest Domingo, the leader of a one-percenter motorcycle gang but are forced to release him after they failed to read him his Miranda rights.  The duo is reassigned to a revived scheme from the 1980s, which specializes in infiltrating high schools. Captain Dickson assigns them to contain the spread of a synthetic drug called HFS ("Holy Fucking Shit") at Sagan High School. He gives them new identities and enrolls them as students, giving them class schedules fitting their previous academic performances; Jenko taking mostly arts and humanities, and Schmidt taking mostly science classes, but the duo mixes up their identities. Schmidt gets a lead on HFS from classmate Molly, and he and Jenko meet the school's main dealer, popular student Eric. The two take HFS in front of him to maintain their cover. After experiencing the drug's effects, the duo discovers that Schmidt's intelligence now makes him popular, while Jenko's lax attitude is frowned upon.  Eric takes a liking to Schmidt, who develops a romantic interest in Molly. Jenko becomes friends with the students in his AP Chemistry class and finds himself becoming more interested in geeky hobbies and academic pursuits. Schmidt and Jenko throw a party at Schmidt's parents' house, where they are living during the course of their assignment and invite Eric. During the party, a fight breaks out between Schmidt, Jenko, and some party crashers. Schmidt wins the fight, solidifying his social status and gaining Eric's trust. Jenko's friends hack Eric's phone to enable them to listen in on his conversations.  At a party at Eric's house, using the phone hack, Jenko and his friends overhear information about an upcoming meeting between Eric and his supplier, but also catch Schmidt making disparaging comments about Jenko. The rift between the duo grows as their new school life intrudes upon their official police work. Schmidt and Jenko track Eric to a cash transaction with the distributors of HFS—the motorcycle gang from the park—and a chase ensues on the freeway. They return to school, argue, and eventually begin fighting, which disrupts the school play. They are expelled from school and fired from the Jump Street program.  Eric, stressed and terrified, recruits Schmidt and Jenko as security for a deal taking place at the school prom. While dressing for the prom, Schmidt and Jenko rekindle their friendship. At the prom, they discover that the supplier is the physical education teacher, Mr. Walters, who created the drug accidentally and started selling it to the students to supplement his teacher's salary and pay alimony to his ex-wife. Having caught Eric smoking marijuana, he was able to persuade him to be his dealer.  The motorcycle gang arrives for the deal, but Molly interrupts them and starts arguing with Schmidt. As a result, gang leader Domingo recognizes Schmidt and Jenko and orders his men to kill them. Two of the gang members reveal themselves as undercover DEA agents Tom Hanson and Doug Penhall, and former members of the 21 Jump Street program. In the ensuing exchange of gunfire, Hanson and Penhall are both shot and mortally wounded. Mr. Walters and Eric escape with the money and Molly as a hostage; the gang, Schmidt, and Jenko follow close behind. Jenko creates a homemade bomb and uses it to kill the gang. Mr. Walters shoots at Schmidt but Jenko takes the bullet to his arm, sparing Schmidt's life. In response, Schmidt shoots Mr. Walters, unintentionally severing his penis. They arrest Mr. Walters and Eric, successfully reading the former his Miranda rights. Schmidt and Molly share a kiss.  Both officers are congratulated and reinstated in the Jump Street program as Dickson gives them a new assignment: infiltrating a college.
In Afghanistan, disgruntled and ruthless mercenaries Tre, Rob, Luke, and Hyde torture a war profiteer who owes them money. Before they kill him, he discloses it has been wired to a bank in the city of Chesterford, Massachusetts. Interpol Agent Rossi is reassigned from an operation in Kabul to investigate the mercenaries.  In Chesterford, quiet high school student Kenny Ralston is suspended for fighting off a bully. The school's vice principal informs Kenny's mother, emergency department nurse Shawnee Ralston, that Kenny must go on a police ride-along or face expulsion. Kenny is assigned to Chesterford Police Department Officer Mike Chandler and his son-in-law Officer Steve MacAvoy. Mike, a widower whose relationship with his daughter Lisa is deteriorating, learns from Steve that Lisa is pregnant. Kenny and the officers do not get along, and Kenny records an incident where the officers hold a suspect at gunpoint, frustrating Mike, who feels people who record police are obstructing their duties.  Elsewhere, the mercenaries prepare to rob the Chesterford bank for the wired money, worth $1.3 million. Hyde plants an IED in a diner elsewhere in Chesterford to provide a diversion, and the mercenaries rob the bank, taking numerous hostages.  While on a coffee break nearby, Mike notices an illegally-parked SUV outside the bank. Tre and Hyde detonate the IED, destroying the diner. The Chesterford PD dispatches all available units to the explosion, issuing Captain Horst situational command, and Shawnee's hospital prepares to receive casualties, while Rossi is ordered to assist the Chesterford PD. However, Mike, having warmed up to Kenny, chooses to stay in their beat and keep him around, to Steve's chagrin.  Agitated at Mike and Steve's refusal to leave, Hyde opens fire on their cruiser, forcing it to crash. Steve calls for backup and rescues Kenny, and the officers return fire and kill Hyde, while Kenny attempts to record the shootout. Mike learns Steve is injured and prepares a makeshift tourniquet. Meanwhile, Rossi arrives in Chesterford, as police begin to divert their attention to the robbery.  Backup arrives, including Officers Hanson and Jacobs, and attempts to medevac Steve, but the robbers shoot numerous hostages, bystanders, and officers, including Jacobs. Steve, fearing he will die, asks Kenny to record a farewell message for Lisa. Backup eventually manages to extract Steve, but Kenny is separated from Mike in the bank's parking lot.  At the hospital, Shawnee and EMTs treat the casualties from the diner and the bank, including Steve and Jacobs. Lisa arrives at the hospital and learns from Jacobs that Mike is still at the scene looking for Kenny; Shawnee overhears their conversation and begins to worry just as Kenny calls to tell her he is safe.  By now, a massive police presence has formed at the bank, including the Massachusetts State Police, Chesterford PD SWAT, Horst, and Rossi. As Mike and Hanson head to the parking lot to search for Kenny, Tre releases the hostages; however, Horst finds an IED in a hostage's pocket and sacrifices himself to protect others from the blast. With the hostages secured, SWAT assaults the bank but are repelled by the robbers. Rob and Luke charge out to battle the police but are killed, while Tre escapes into the parking lot and fires on Kenny and the officers, killing Hanson and injuring Mike. As Tre prepares to execute Mike, Kenny pulls Hanson's sidearm just as Rossi arrives, and both shoot and kill Tre. Mike and Kenny are extracted from the scene and are met by Lisa and Shawnee.  One year later, Mike arrives home to a birthday party held for him by his friends and family, including Steve, Lisa, Kenny, and Mike’s new granddaughter. As he joins the celebrations, he asks Kenny to take pictures for him.
On July 22, 2011, Anders Behring Breivik dresses in a police uniform, loads a van with home-made explosives, and drives to Regjeringskvartalet, the executive government quarter in Oslo, Norway. He leaves the van outside the office of Prime Minister Jens Stoltenberg. Moments later, it explodes, causing several casualties.  On the island of Utøya in Tyrifjorden, Buskerud, teenagers have arrived for Workers' Youth League (AUF) summer camp, organised by the ruling Labour Party. When they learn of the bombing, one student, Viljar Hanssen, calls his parents to make sure they are unhurt.  Breivik arrives at the ferry landing and informs staff that he is a police officer, sent to secure the island following the attack in Oslo. The camp director transports him to the island by boat. Breivik instructs the staff to gather the children in one location. When the head of security asks for ID, Breivik shoots him and the director dead. The children flee as Breivik opens fire, murdering dozens.  Viljar and his brother Torje hide on a rocky embankment on the beach. Viljar calls his mother to tell her a shooting is in progress. Breivik finds the group and starts shooting. Viljar is shot multiple times, but Torje escapes unharmed. Breivik surrenders to a tactical team, and is brought inland for interrogation.  Breivik claims he is the leader of a white nationalist group called the Knights Templar and that more attacks will happen on his signal. He requests the aid of lawyer Geir Lippestad, who defended a Neo-Nazi. Lippestad is morally conscientious of his client and professionally bonded by his ethics as a lawyer. Lippestad tries to argue an insanity defense for Breivik, which draws criticism as it means he will be institutionalized instead of imprisoned. With the help of various psychiatrists and psychologists, Breivik is initially diagnosed with paranoid schizophrenia. Breivik tells Lippestad he wants to be declared competent to legitimize his attacks.  Viljar wakes from a coma with life-changing injuries and returns home with his family. He learns to walk again, but is haunted by memories of the attack. With the support of his mother, and another survivor of the attack on Utøya, he appears in court as a witness and delivers an account of the massacre. Breivik is sentenced to 21 years, that can be extended by a court if it is deemed he is still a danger to society.
Two years following their success in the 21 Jump Street program, Schmidt and Jenko are back on the streets investigating narcotics trafficking. However, after failing in the pursuit of a group of drug dealers led by The Ghost, Deputy Chief Hardy puts the duo back on the undercover program to work for Captain Dickson – now located across the street at 22 Jump Street. Their assignment is to go undercover as college students and locate the supplier of a synthetic drug known as "WHY-PHY" (Work Hard? Yes, Play Hard? Yes) that killed a student photographed buying it on campus from a dealer.  At college, Jenko befriends a pair of jocks named Zook and Rooster, who soon become the prime suspects of the investigation. Jenko starts attending parties with the jocks who do not take as kindly to Schmidt. Meanwhile, Schmidt gets the attention of an art student, Maya, by feigning an interest in slam poetry. After hitting it off immediately, the two have sex together, to the chagrin of Maya's roommate Mercedes, and Schmidt later finds out that Maya is the daughter of Captain Dickson, whom Schmidt bragged to about "getting laid", much to his dismay. Despite sleeping together, Maya tells Schmidt not to take it seriously, and he starts to feel left out as Jenko bonds more and more with Zook who encourages him to join the football team.  When Schmidt and Jenko are unable to identify the dealer, they visit Mr. Walters and Eric in prison for advice (with Eric being in a forced relationship with Mr. Walters, who received a vagina after Schmidt shot his penis off), and Walters points out a unique tattoo on the arm of the dealer in the photograph. Whilst hanging out with Zook and Rooster, Jenko notices that Rooster does not have the tattoo but sees it on Zook's arm. Schmidt and Jenko are invited to join a fraternity led by the jocks, but Schmidt refuses, furthering the tension between the two as Jenko passes their requirements. They later realize that Zook is not the dealer but rather another customer. Soon afterwards, they find The Ghost and his men on campus, but The Ghost again evades them. Jenko reveals to Schmidt that he has been offered a football scholarship with Zook and is uncertain about his future as a police officer. Afterwards, Schmidt reveals his true identity and moves out of the dorm, angering Maya.  Spring break arrives, and Schmidt goes after The Ghost. He is joined by Jenko, so the two can have one final mission together. The pair head to the beach where The Ghost is likely to be dealing WHY-PHY. Inside a bar, they find Mercedes, who is The Ghost's daughter, giving instructions to other dealers. The pair, backed up by Dickson and the rest of Jump Street, ambush the meeting. The Ghost flees, while Mercedes is knocked out by Schmidt. While pursuing The Ghost, Jenko is shot in the shoulder. The Ghost attempts to escape in a helicopter; Schmidt and Jenko manage to jump across to it and both let go, where Jenko then throws a grenade into the helicopter. The Ghost celebrates his victory prematurely while the grenade explodes. Jenko tells Schmidt that he still wants to be a police officer as he believes their differences help their partnership, and the two reconcile in front of a cheering crowd. Dickson approaches them claiming to have a new mission undercover at a medical school.  During the end credits, Jenko and Schmidt go on a variety of undercover missions to different schools, which are portrayed as 21 fictional sequels, one in which Schmidt is played by Seth Rogen after a contract dispute with Jonah Hill (which only Jenko seemed to notice); an animated series; a video game; an electronic target game; and a toy line. One mission features Detective Booker while another sees the return of The Ghost, who survived the helicopter explosion. The post-credits scene shows Eric and Mr. Walters lying in bed together, with Mr. Walters suggesting that he's pregnant with Eric's child.
Travis Freeman, a local football star, is an average high school junior. Living in the town of Corbin, Kentucky, his inner circle includes his supporting parents, girlfriend, and childhood best friend, Jerry Baker (Bram Hoover) Life is normal for Travis until one day he is stricken with a series of severe headaches and a bacterial meningitis infection. After being rushed to the hospital, Travis undergoes surgery to remove the infection and save his life. He comes out of the procedure alive, but he is now blind. After losing his sight, Travis experiences depression as he adjusts to life without sight. When forced to abandon football, Travis’ shallow, cheerleader girlfriend quits on him, and he faces the decision of having to attend the school for the blind away from home. With the help of his parents, best friend, Jerry, another childhood friend, Ashley, and his mobility coach, Travis pulls through and is able to adapt to his new disability and starts his senior year at Corbin High School. Every day after school, Travis attends football practice, but stays, with help from his friend, Ashley, on the sidelines. His coach and mentor, Coach Farris, approaches him one day about joining the team again. Without much convincing, Travis rejoins the football team as a center and helps the team turn around their losing season advancing to the state playoffs.
Billy, a fetish photographer who specializes in staged depictions of dead women, becomes involved in a murder mystery when one of his models turns up dead for real.  Michael Bamfeaux, a depressed police detective, investigates the crime and probes Billy as to why he chooses to involve himself in the world of exploitation and fetish.  Billy can not explain why he does what he does, except that he accepts that he is attracted to certain ideas and women.  As the two men become friendlier, Michael becomes more involved in Billy's photoshoots.  When Alex, Billy's girlfriend, is attacked by a jealous model with whom Billy and Alex had a threesome, Michael shoots and kills Alex's attacker.  Michael later attempts to sell his memoirs, but a literary agent suggests that the story's loose ends and weak protagonist are not a good sell.
In South Africa, a convoy of Interpol agents led by Lin (Xu Qing) transports a prisoner, Keith.  At a checkpoint, they are ambushed.  Most of the agents are killed, but Lin escapes with Keith.  Travis Conrad (Ethan Hawke), a hitman, fishes with his father in law, Frank (Rutger Hauer).  They scatter ashes in the ocean, noting the one year anniversary of the deaths they commemorate.  After Frank falls asleep, Travis goes to a bar to get cocaine.  He assaults two thugs following him who tell him Jim wants to see him.  Jim offers Travis $1 million per day to clean up the botched assassination attempt on Keith and Lin.  Though he initially refuses, claiming he's retired, the money convinces him.  He travels to Hong Kong and meets Lin's son, from whom he steals his cell phone and determines Lin's location.  He meets her at the airport and seduces her.  The next morning, he gets Keith's location from her phone but chooses not to kill her; she realizes he is an agent and kills him.  Travis' agency, Red Mountain, brings him back to life using an experimental procedure.  Once he tells them Keith's location, Jim, his friend and former fellow Marine, informs him that they just revived him to get the location, and the doctor plans to kill him upon her return.  Travis obtains a scalpel and cuts his restraints; when the doctor returns he kills a guard and learns from her that with a timer on his wrist, he has 24 hours to live.  He escapes with her as a hostage and pursues Lin, telling her not to make him regret not killing her.  Keith testifies against Red Mountain, revealing they experimented on over 70 civilians to develop the resurrection procedure and forced him to dispose of the bodies.  Just after he testifies, Jim snipes several guards from a clocktower and Red Mountain assaults the building.  Lin and Keith escape when Travis arrives to help, knowing Red Mountain betrayed him.  During the chase, Keith is killed, but he managed to get the camera's memory card before they left.  Travis entrusts the card to Lin, but Jim calls to inform them that they have taken her son in exchange for the card.  Travis decides to help her retrieve him and collects guns and explosives from a safe house.  They travel to the village where the civilians Red Mountain experimented on lived and enlist their help in avenging them.  Travis knows prisoner transport protocol; they corner and ambush the convoy and get the boy back.  Travis tells Lin to get the testimony to the authorities and decides to spend his last half hour alive delaying Red Mountain from pursuing her.  He forces a surviving Red Mountain agent to drive him to base claiming he is the prisoner; when he arrives he kills several guards and drives the car into the building.  He detonates the car and assaults the office where Jim and the Red Mountain leader, Wetzler, are holed up.  After killing all the agents in the room, Wetzler tries to goad Travis into killing Jim, who knew that Wetzler ordered his wife and son killed in an attempt to keep him from quitting the company.  Though angered, Travis feels remorse for all the killing he's done and lets Jim live.  Jim then approaches Wetzler to kill him as police arrive.  Though they warn him not to shoot, he shoots Wetzler and is killed himself.  Travis dies and has a vision of his family on a beach.  He beckons for his son, but he runs away.  Travis begins to hear the doctor's voice and awakes in the lab where he was first resurrected.
Jenna (Scout Taylor-Compton) gets into a car accident with her boyfriend, Jamie, who eventually dies. Three years later, while coping with her past tragedy, Jenna is invited to stay for the weekend in a lakeside cabin with her best friend Renee (Christina Ulloa). They are joined by Renee’s irresponsible boyfriend, Michael (Michael Copon), and his friend, Ian (Travis Van Winkle), and sail off at Ian's uncle, Wade's (Tyler Mane) lakeside cabin. They are greeted by Wade along with his friendly dog, named Beau. They settle in the cabin and plan on attending a party, since there is a festival happening around the nearby town at night. Jenna goes to her room and refuses to take her pills so she could have fun with her friends. While they all eat dinner, Wade mentions how he may not be around while they are away since he has work to do. The group gets fascinated when they stumble inside a sauna Wade built. While they enjoy spending time inside, the temperature gets warmer and they decide to swim at the lake. Trembling in cold, they all head back inside the sauna. Meanwhile, Michael gets high from the marijuana Wade had given to him, where Renee rebuffs his sexual advances. This upsets Michael and he decides not to follow the others into the sauna, while clumsily knocking things over. As the temperature continues to rise, Renee ultimately decides to leave but the door is blocked from the outside. The trio think it is just one of Michael's pranks since they all know he's mad at Renee, which they don't find amusing. They soon realize that they are trapped in the sauna and attempts to break a small window on the door, injuring Ian's hand. They all take turns gasping for air as the temperature raises even higher with another unsuccessful attempt to unblock the door from the outside. The group then finds a hidden controller which they all can't risk destroying, since Ian believes it would just alter the temperature.  Meanwhile, Wade is seen handling the fireworks for the festival with another guy, when Beau tracks the trio's scream, begging for help, from the back of the house. Michael shows up at Wade's and both disregard Beau's barking. Michael clearly thinks the three left him and attended the party, since he couldn't help himself from getting high. The two hang out and start a conversation as Michael explains that he wasn't permitted to catch up at the party with the group since he didn't have a ticket and returned home.  Back at the sauna, the situation escalates as the group runs out of water to drink and Renee gets sick from the temperature. Renee ultimately decides to break the controller, thinking it would lower down the temperature, but is stopped by Jenna who inadvertently strikes her head, leaving her unconscious. Jenna starts freaking out and decides to break the controller herself, which does in fact increase the heat as Ian feared. Ian becomes hysterical and burns himself badly in an attempt to prevent the steamer from heating the room out of control. He breaks it and the steamer blows up, killing him. The explosion seemingly frees the door and Jenna steps out in shock and wanders the house, before she wakes from unconsciousness realizing she is still trapped in the sauna. She finds Renee alive and lets her near the window to breathe as Jenna herself goes unconscious as well from the escaping natural gas which she manages to plug just in time.  Michael returns to the cabin where flashbacks show him absentmindedly knocking over wooden steps and setting them against the door. It is revealed that the steps fall into place against a raised floor by the occupants as they talk and move the door themselves. Meanwhile, Wade arrives at the cabin and discovers the two girls, alive and calls the paramedics who take Jenna and Renee away on stretchers as they hold hands.
12 year-old Trey Caldwell (Nathan Gamble) is shattered when his soldier father is killed in Afghanistan, leaving a hole in the boy's life – and an unfinished Soap Box Derby car in the garage. A final gift from his dad, the car is a constant reminder of all that could have been. But when Trey meets Roy Gibbs (Corbin Bernsen), a grizzled Fire Chief devastated by the loss of his firefighter son on 9/11, a new relationship forms and old wounds finally begin to heal. As the unlikely team works to complete the Soap Box car and train for the upcoming Derby, they'll learn that life isn't about the starting line or checkered flag – it's about having the courage to make the incredible journey of faith in between.
Dylan Branson works as an air traffic controller at John F. Kennedy International Airport; he possesses the ability to visualize constellations and patterns, and though he has a pilot's license, he has a fear of flying. He has a recurring dream of a shooting occurring at Grand Central Terminal at 2:22p.m. At work, Dylan begins hallucinating at 2:22p.m, only able to break out from his fugue state just in time to prevent a collision between two planes. Following this, he is suspended from work, pending a full board review.  Dylan begins to realize that the same things happen to him at the same time every day, and by 2:21 he somehow arrives at Grand Central Terminal, although not the same he always sees the same type of people: a businessman reading a newspaper, an older couple embracing, a party of school children, and a pregnant woman standing alone under the clock. At exactly 2:22p.m, an electrical malfunction causes the station glass to shatter.  At an aerial ballet, Dylan meets Sarah, who works at an art gallery with her ex-boyfriend Jonas and was a passenger on one of the nearly collided planes. Dylan and Sarah have the same birth-date and feel connected to each other, falling in love.  One evening, Dylan attends Sarah's gallery to see an exhibition of Jonas's work, a holographic depiction of New York which includes the interior of Grand Central. Dylan is shocked that the holograph depicts the same events he saw in his recurring dream. He accuses Jonas of following him to create the hologram, leading to a fight, ending with Sarah asking Dylan to leave.  Dylan learns through Sarah's colleague the story of a singer, Evelyn Mills, who was killed by her lover at Grand Central Terminal 30 years ago in 1986. The lover also shot a policeman before he was killed. Dylan finds a packet of old letters hidden in his apartment, which reveal that a man called Jake Redmond once lived there. The letters are love letters to Jake from Evelyn.  Dylan tracks down Catherine, Evelyn's sister. She tells him how Evelyn fell deeply in love with Jake, who shared her birthday. A detective visited Evelyn to warn her that Jake was a criminal, but she refused to believe him, and he too was killed by Jake at Grand Central Terminal. Catherine thinks the detective, Noah Marks, was also in love with Evelyn. She gives Dylan Evelyn's own letters to Jake.  Dylan believes the supernova which occurred on the day of Jake and Evelyn's deaths 30 years ago, the same day he and Sarah were born, and is now happening again, created a “cosmic cataclysm" so he and Sarah are destined to relive Jake and Evelyn's fates. When Sarah visits, she disbelieves his theory but Dylan is convinced that if they stay together, he will kill her on the anniversary of the Grand Central murders. A distressed Sarah confides in Jonas and asks why he chose Grand Central Station. Jonas persuades her to go to Millhurst with him for a while. Dylan contemplates suicide, but stops when he sees a plane.  On his 30th birthday, Dylan discovers that the same patterns he had experienced occurred to Jake on the day he died. He breaks into Jonas's studio, where he finds dozens of depictions of Sarah, a necklace identical to Evelyn's, and an empty gun case. Realizing that Jonas is obsessed with Sarah and planning to relive the Grand Central Terminal murders as Noah Marks, Dylan rushes back to the terminal. The police pursue him when he stands on a cop car to get there.   After their flight is cancelled, Jonas buys tickets at Grand Central, where Sarah begins to see the same characters that Dylan described. It dawns on her that she is the pregnant woman under the clock and she refuses to leave with Jonas. In a jealous rage, Jonas calls her Evelyn, and Sarah realizes that they are reliving the same fateful day. Dylan arrives and Jonas pulls a gun, first aiming at Dylan but fires at Sarah. Dylan shields Sarah from the bullet, taking the hit himself and saving her life. Jonas is then shot and killed by the arriving police officers.  It transpires that Jake and Evelyn (who was herself pregnant) were shot by Noah, who was in love with her. Jake killed Noah while trying to protect himself and Evelyn, and was framed by the police.  In the end, Dylan has recovered and now works as a pilot. He and Sarah live happily together with their baby.
In a suburban Long Island neighborhood during one autumn day, the lives of three different people intersect. John, an emotionally troubled businessman in an unhappy marriage, decides not to go home when his flight is canceled at the last minute. He instead wanders around town and checks into a motel.   Peggy, a middle-aged housewife, is starstruck when she discovers that a famous actress has moved in next door. When the actress asks Peggy for a ride to the local ferry, a peculiar trip results in a confrontation.  Eight-year-old Christina steals some jewelry from her mother's bedroom and misses her school bus. She decides to walk to school and takes a shortcut through the woods, but ends up in an unfamiliar neighborhood where she is exposed to the dangers of the adult world.
Bill Morgan (Jace McLean) is a small town sheriff whose self-imposed rules have kept him in Washington, New Hampshire, for his entire life. A stickler for perfection and abiding by the rules, Bill's singular ambition is to keep order for himself and those around him. Everything changes when It-Girl movie starlet, Nikki Gold (Mircea Monroe), who has escaped the bright lights and paparazzi of New York City, if only for a brief while, is found passed out in her rental car by none other than Bill Morgan—who has absolutely no idea who she is. In an effort to avoid the chaos of yet another publicity scandal, Nikki embraces the anonymity for a few blissful days of normalcy.  Shot on location in New Hampshire against a picturesque, fall-colored backdrop, 3 Days of Normal follows Bill and Nikki during three magical days as they find themselves relying on one another to face their own personal challenges. The film features a supporting cast including Ajay Naidu (Gods Behaving Badly) as the intrusive entertainment journalist, Alex Anfanger (The Secret Life of Walter Mitty) as the meddling kid out to make a quick buck, Lin Shaye (There's Something About Mary) as Bill's aunt and Richard Riehle (Bridesmaids) as Bill's uncle and the town's chief of police.
American CIA agent Ethan Renner works with a team to capture the Albino, the lieutenant to an arms trafficker (called the Wolf) who is selling a dirty bomb to terrorists in a hotel in Belgrade. The Albino deduces the trap when he recognizes one of Renner's fellow agents (disguised as a chambermaid), whom he kills. Renner, suddenly dizzy as he pursues the Albino, only manages to cripple him by shooting him in the leg, then blacks out, allowing the Albino to escape. Meanwhile, elite CIA assassin Vivi Delay, a "Top Shelf agent", has been personally assigned by the Director to kill the Wolf. Vivi monitors the operation and suspects Renner has unknowingly seen the Wolf.  Renner is nearly disabled by an extreme cough, which is diagnosed as terminal glioblastoma cancer that has spread to his lungs. He is only given a few months to live and will not survive until the following Christmas. For decades he has kept his dangerous career a carefully guarded secret from his wife Christine and daughter Zooey, at the cost of losing them. He decides to spend his remaining time trying to fix his relationship with his estranged daughter, and if possible, his ex-wife. He returns to Paris, where he and his family live separately, to find the African family of Jules is squatting in his apartment. The police tell him that he is not permitted to evict indigent squatters until after the winter. He makes an awkward reconnection with Christine, and tells her of his terminal illness. She allows him to reconnect with Zooey, and when she has to go out of the country on business, she agrees to let him look after Zooey.  Vivi recruits him to find and kill the Wolf, in exchange for an experimental drug that could extend his life significantly. Renner reluctantly accepts, to get more time with his family. Vivi tells him the way to trap the Wolf is by getting the Albino, in turn by getting his accountant, in turn by kidnapping the gang's limousine driver. All the while Renner is fighting the hallucinogenic effect of the medicine, which occurs whenever his heart rate goes too high, and which he can only control by consuming alcohol. He must also deal with Zooey's school problems, including her habit of lying so she can sneak out partying. He manages to keep her out of trouble, and slowly reestablishes a father/daughter relationship with her, which impresses his wife.  He tracks the Wolf and the Albino into the subway, but they gain the upper hand when he is disabled by the hallucinations. The Albino attempts to kill him by pushing him in front of an oncoming train, but Renner manages to push the Albino on the track instead. The Wolf escapes, then contacts a business partner who can help him to flee the country.  The family is invited to a party thrown by Zooey's boyfriend's father, who happens to be the Wolf's business partner. Renner manages to protect Christine and Zooey, kill all the Wolf's men, and trap the Wolf in an elevator before breaking the cables, causing the cabin to free-fall to the ground. The Wolf survives, severely injured, but Renner is again disabled and, also feeling guilty for all the damage his work has done to his family, he is suddenly unable to pull the trigger, and drops his gun where the Wolf can get it. Vivi intervenes and kicks the gun back to Renner, telling him to finish the job and kill the Wolf, but he decides not to, because "I promised my wife I'd quit." Vivi then kills the Wolf.  At last retired, Renner survives to Christmas, which he is spending at a beach house with Zooey and Christine. He discovers a small, red wrapped gift package, which contains another vial of the cancer medicine. Vivi is seen on a hill behind the house smiling as Renner opens the package.
Sixteen-year-old Ray, his mother Maggie, grandmother Dolly, and Dolly's partner are at the doctor getting final instructions on Ray's gender transition. Ray lives with his unmarried mother, his domineering lesbian grandmother, Dolly, and Dolly's partner, Frances. Dolly thinks it would be easier if Ray would just be a lesbian, while Maggie understands that Ray is a transgender man.  Ray is ready to start testosterone shots and change schools, but he needs written consent from both parents. Ray's father is an absent parent and Maggie is afraid to make such a permanent decision. Maggie locates Ray's father, but he wants some time to think. Blaming father Craig's indecision gives Maggie time to stall. On his own, Ray locates his father to find him, married with three children. He also learns that Maggie slept with Craig's brother and that "uncle" Matthew might be his real father. Maggie is the reason he never had a father. Ray feels lied to, alone, and as though he will be trapped in a female body forever.  Grandma Dolly decides it is time for the four to have a man in the house. She now supports Ray's transition to a man. Matthew and Maggie talk. Craig signs the consent form after Maggie also does so. Ray finds happiness.
The film centers on the unnamed main character (Harry Shum) receiving a handgun from an old man (Thaine Allison Jr.) and being told he has to complete an unspecified task within three minutes. Shum's character then rushes into a storage yard in pursuit of "Steve" (Stephen Boss), who evades Shum's gunshots and hides. Steve finds a dead body (Nicholas Acosta) holding a lightsaber, and uses the weapon to disarm Shum, who draws his own lightsaber. After a short battle, Shum decapitates Steve and runs back to the old man, where he is told that his time was three minutes, eighteen seconds. Shum panics and runs away. A fourth unnamed character (Katrina Law) comes forward and receives a pistol from the old man who repeats his "three minutes" instruction. Law's character then leaves the garage, presumably in pursuit of Shum.  The project is part two of a projected trilogy of short films including a prequel and sequel.  The film was originally designed as a vehicle to showcase a wider range of acting skills for the two leads, Harry Shum Jr. and Stephen "tWitch" Boss, especially outside of the singing and dancing sphere. 3 Minutes has received coverage from the official Star Wars site, Wired.com,  and Gizmodo, as well as the New York Post, Seventeen, Audrey, and Hyphen.  It was also featured on Vimeo's Staff Pick of the Day on its debut day.
The film opens with several news reports about the Firefly family's murderous rampage. Through the reports, it is revealed that Baby, Otis, and Captain Spaulding miraculously survived their shootout with the police and that they will be tried for their crimes. The trial is widely covered nationwide and becomes a cause célèbre, resulting in the organization of protests that insist the trio's innocence. Numerous fanatics also adopt the chant "Free the Three", claiming that their crimes were committed as a means to fight against the system. Despite this, all three are found guilty and sentenced to life in prison. In addition to the final verdict, Captain Spaulding is executed via lethal injection. Otis' half-brother, Winslow Foxworth "Foxy" Coltrane, shows up to help Otis escape from prison while he is outside doing work on a chain gang. In the process, Otis kills Rondo, who was also on the chain gang after having been arrested some time after the end of the previous film and been sent to the same prison but did not recognize Otis. Meanwhile, Baby unsuccessfully seeks parole, as her mental state has further deteriorated since her incarceration.  Once free, Otis and Foxy begin planning to free Baby from prison. To accomplish this, they kidnap the family and friends of the prison's warden, Virgil Dallas Harper. Otis and Foxy demand that Harper help Baby sneak out of prison or they will murder everyone they hold hostage. Harper follows their commands and sneaks Baby out of prison by disguising her as a guard. However, once Baby is freed, Otis and Foxy decide to eliminate the loose ends and kill all the hostages, as well as Harper. Now united, the three are undecided as to what to do next but eventually decide to flee to Mexico, a decision that is made more pressing due to Baby's growing instability.  Otis, Baby, and Foxy manage to successfully cross the border and flee to a small town in Mexico that is celebrating the Day of the Dead and hole up in the town's lone hotel. They briefly worry about being recognized but dismiss these concerns, unaware that the hotel's owner has in fact recognized them and has alerted Rondo's son, Aquarius, to their location. The owner keeps them occupied with both the celebration and local prostitutes, while Aquarius heads out to the location with several henchmen in tow. The following morning, Baby bonds with a local worker, Sebastian, who notices Aquarius's arrival. He warns Baby of the danger before running to warn Otis, just as Aquarius's men break into the whorehouse. Otis and Sebastian hold off the attackers until Foxy arrives and rescues them both. Otis separates from them, managing to successfully find the hotel owner and kill him. During this time, Baby manages to kill several of Aquarius's men using a bow and arrow set she took from Harper's house. Eventually, Foxy and Baby are outmatched by Aquarius and taken prisoner. During this, Aquarius tells Sebastian that he is not worth the bullet and leaves him for dead. Aquarius and his remaining goons use Baby and Foxy to draw Otis out into the open.  Otis appears and squares off against one of Aquarius's men in a knife fight, while Sebastian sneaks up and silently frees both Foxy and Baby. This enrages Aquarius, distracting his man in the knife fight and allowing Otis to gain the upper hand. He, Baby, and Foxy manage to overpower Aquarius; however, Sebastian is shot and killed in the process. The film ends with the trio immolating Aquarius before walking off into the Mexican town.
Two brothers (Charlie Hunnam and Chris O'Dowd) seek the help of a transgender hacker (Ron Perlman) in erasing all evidence of a sex tape from the internet before the unhinged movie star father (Chris Noth) of the girl involved (Lizzy Caplan) seeks violent revenge.  Cast member Lizzy Caplan described the plot: "It's about a guy whose life has been ruined by a YouTube video that has gone viral and so he's been hiding out and he gets brought back into civilization (because he's been living in the middle of nowhere) by his really manipulative, horrible brother. And everybody in his life is sort of terrible [and it's about] how he deals with that."
A 3-headed great white shark attacks an atoll where a group of teenagers is partying, killing all of them except one, Mark, who was on a buoy while the rest of the teens were at the beach. The shark then attacks the Persephone, an underwater research facility studying the Pacific Garbage Patch. The resulting damage causes the facility to explode, killing everybody inside. However, marine biologists Ted Nelson and Laura Thomas escape. A group of activists touring the lab consisting of Greg, Ryan Bennett, Omar, Alison, and college graduate Maggie Peterson, who applied for a job at the facility, also escape. Maggie is also Greg's ex-girlfriend. The island the facility is based on begins to flood, and the group swims out to the activists' boat. As a result, Laura and Omar are eaten in the process. The others reach the ship; the shark follows them as they drive. Ryan manages to contact fisherman Max Burns over the radio and asks for help. Burns is hesitant to believe them but reluctantly agrees to help them.  The shark begins to head toward a party boat carrying teenagers. The group attempts to warn them, but they are too late, as the shark consistently rams into the ship, knocking numerous people into the water where they are eaten. The group manages to board the boat in order to help injured passengers, and Maggie and Nelson are enlisted as help by passengers Stanley and Rosemarie Grant to help find Rosemarie's boyfriend Howard. He had disappeared into the abandoned dining area during the chaos. Maggie, Stanley, and Nelson find him and make their way to the top deck, although, in the process, the shark jumps onto the back of the boat and eats Nelson. The group realizes they can no longer stay due to the ship sinking and board the activists' boat with Stanley, Rosemarie, and Howard in tow. However, Ryan stays behind and attempts to kill the shark by jumping onto its back with an axe. He manages to clip onto the back of the shark, and it soon kills him in retaliation. Running low on fuel, the group is forced to stop at the atoll that the shark attacked earlier.  Meanwhile, Burns and his two men attempt to kill the shark, and Burns' men are killed in the process. Burns manages to decapitate the shark's middle head, seemingly killing it. Burns finds the rest of the group. Surprisingly, the shark recovers, grows three more heads in place of the missing head, and eats Burns.  Traumatized by Burns' death, the group runs inland, meeting Mark. Maggie theorizes that the shark is attracted to pollution and that the heads are becoming more aggressive with each other. The group finds two motorboats and begins to drive away from the island. The shark attacks one of them carrying Alison, Rosemarie, Howard, and Mark and kills all of them. Meanwhile, Maggie, Stanley, and Greg manage to attract the shark's attention by throwing garbage bags into the water. Stanley's hand is bitten off in the process. Losing faith, Stanley sacrifices himself by allowing the shark heads to fight over him, resulting in three of the shark's heads getting bitten off, and the shark itself dies of blood loss. Maggie and Greg rekindle their relationship as a helicopter arrives to rescue them.
The plot is set in New York City over three days in the lives of 10 different characters who interact with each other in various sexual encounters which follows from one character to the next.  It begins when a young woman, named Julie (Condola Rashad), meets at a loft with her former anthropology professor, named Adam (Justin Kirk), where she tells him that she is a virgin and wants him to take her virginity.  Afterwards, the plot shifts to Adam who visits a tarot reader, named Erika (Jennifer Tilly), for advice on his sexual prowess and superstitions. She performs a ritual on him to "cleanse" Adam of his sexual needs.  Erika then meets with Diego (Jason Day), a much younger bicycle messenger whom she meets for weekly sexual trysts in a Harlem apartment, where Diego confides in her that he is in love with another woman and Erika gives him advice on how to court her.  Diego then goes to the house of Laura (Paz de la Huerta), the woman he has a fixation on, where she invites him in, but tells him that she cannot have sex, for she has a bad heart and had surgery where she carries a large scar on her chest. Diego tells her to accept her physical deformity as it is to feel accepted.  Laura then goes to her chiropractor, named Matt (Lee Pace) where she dresses up in revealing underwear and tries to seduce him, who at first refuses her advances, but eventually gives into them.  The next day, Matt visits Kim (Vahina Giocante), a young Frenchwoman he is dating, who reveals to him all about her own sexual active life with other men and women and of her comfort with it.  Kim works as a switchboard operator in a local answering service where a regular caller, named Julian (Thomas Sadoski), wants to meet with her for lunch the following day. Unsure of the man he is, Kim has her girlfriend meet with him at a local cafe where she becomes uncomfortable of the way Julian hits it off with the other woman, so she reveals herself. Julian understands Kim being unsure and they end up spending the night together in a threesome with Kim's girlfriend.  Julian is revealed to be a speechwriter who visits a call-girl, named Alice (Ingeborga Dapkunaite), on a weekly basis where she practices bondage acts on him. Alice tells Julien that she is considering giving up her call-girl profession to open her own art gallery and cannot see him anymore. Julian tries to persuade Alice not to give up on what she does best, but her mind is made up, and she walks out to spend alone time in her new artist studio.  Alice goes to a health spa where she meets and has a sexual encounter with a younger man, named Shawn (Ben Levin), in the steam room. Shawn is rushed to the hospital after he slips and hits his head, and cannot remember the sexual encounter due to short-term memory loss. Alice accompanies him to the hospital to tell Shawn that their encounter did happen.  After Shawn leaves the hospital, the events come full circle when he meets with his childhood friend, whom happens to be Julie. He first tells Julie that he wants to have sex with her and Julie disapproves claiming it would be weird since they are best friends. The next day they meet up and Julie decides she wants to try having sex and assumes Shawn is a virgin, he protests and says her reasons yesterday were valid and he is not a virgin but she does not believe it and convinces him to have sex on the rooftop. The final scene is of Julie breaking her red bracelet she shared with her anthropology professor and her holding hands with Shawn while he reads a book.
A year after the Alaskan town of Barrow's (now Utqiagvik) population was decimated by vampires during its annual month-long polar night, Stella Oleson (Kiele Sanchez) travels the world trying to convince others that vampires exist.  She is fully aware of the risk to her life that her work could bring but does not care due to her grief over the death of her husband, Eben.  Following instructions from a mysterious individual named Dane, she travels to Los Angeles to give a lecture on the existence of vampires. Aware that vampires are in attendance when she speaks, she activates overhead ultraviolet lamps that incinerate several of the vampires in the audience, in front of the humans. She is quickly arrested and harassed by Agent Norris, who she learns is one of the human followers of the vampires, charged with keeping their activities covered up. After her release from custody, she returns to her hotel to find Paul (Rhys Coiro), Amber (Diora Baird) and Todd (Harold Perrineau), sent by Dane to recruit her to hunt the vampire queen, Lilith. As Lilith is responsible for the vampires' every move and for keeping them hidden, the hunters are convinced that once she is eliminated, the vampires will fall into dormancy. When Stella learns that Lilith was responsible for the slaughter at Barrow, she agrees to meet Dane (Ben Cotton), and is shocked to discover that he is a vampire too. Due to a superficially inflicted wound, he has maintained a grasp of humanity, only drinking blood from packaged hospital stocks he keeps. Stella hesitates to join a plan to attack a vampire nest, but Paul eventually convinces her, revealing that vampires were responsible for his daughter's death and the resulting divorce from his wife.  The following day, the four hunters enter a vampire orgy nest, only to be ambushed by a group of them. During their attempt to flee, Todd is bitten. After the four lock themselves in a cellar, Todd turns into a vampire. When Paul hesitates to act against his friend, Stella kills him by smashing in his head with a cinder block. The trio decide to wait for nightfall, when the vampires leave to feed, in order to make their escape. After night falls, Dane comes and frees them. On their way out, they capture a vampire and interrogate him with the ultraviolet lamps, eventually following him back to another nest. They invade the nest and rescue Jennifer, a captive being used as a feeding station. Jennifer's knowledge of Lilith's lair being aboard a ship in the bay allows the hunters to plan an attack on Lilith directly. Returning to Dane's place, Stella and Paul have sex.  Meanwhile, Lilith (Mia Kirshner) decides that Agent Norris should prove his worth to become a vampire (in order to cure the cancer he has been suffering from). He bites the neck of a captive girl, Stacey (Katharine Isabelle), drinking her blood until dead. Satisfied, Lilith turns him to hunt Stella and the others.  Norris kills Dane and the others flee with Jennifer to a boat yard where Jennifer points out the boat that the vampires are set to sail to Alaska in for another 30-day feeding period. After telling Jennifer to leave, the three hunters stow away on the ship where they discover that they can be resurrected after death if they are fed human blood. At gunpoint, they confront the human captain who says he is cooperating because the vampires had threatened his family. Amber is suddenly pulled away from behind, causing her gun to fire and kill the captain. Stella and Paul are too late to save her from being eaten and are quickly captured by Norris and Lilith who orders that they be bled dry. Stella manages to free herself when they are alone with Norris and kills him, but they are subsequently attacked by Lilith when attempting to sabotage the ship and Paul is killed. After being outmatched in hand-to-hand combat, Stella hides from Lilith and when the queen comes looking for her, Stella emerges from her tub of blood and manages to decapitate her. The other vampires appear, but seeing that she killed Lilith, they quietly stand aside and let her pass without a fight, and she returns to Barrow.  Stella digs up Eben's grave and recovers his body to feed him her own blood. It appears not to work and she lies down slowly dying from blood loss. After a time, she sees Eben has returned to his former health and she stands to greet him with a hug. As they embrace, Eben pulls back her shoulder and his sharp teeth come down on her neck before the screen goes dark.
The film follows five ex-college buddies who return to the summer home of their youth for their scientist friend's funeral. But mourning turns to terror when they realize their reunion is not at all what it seems.
The film follows Nick Davis (Jesse Eisenberg), a man who works as a pizza delivery driver and rarely completes the "30 Minutes or Less" policy which leads to him being reprimanded by his boss. Nick's school teacher friend Chet (Aziz Ansari) discovers that Nick slept with his twin sister, Kate, on their high school graduation night, causing Chet to end their friendship.  Buddies Dwayne Mikowlski and Travis Cord are miserable, living under the shadow of Dwayne's domineering father, Jerry "The Major", who won over $10 million in the lottery about 10 years prior. Dwayne confides in lap-dancer Juicy about his contempt for his father and his presumed inheritance.  They devise a plot to kidnap a complete stranger, to strap a bomb to his chest, and get him to get them hitman money. They order a pizza and wait for a driver to come to their hideout. When Nick arrives, Dwayne and Travis assault him and knock him unconscious.  When Nick awakes, he is in a vest rigged with explosives, with both a timer and phone-activated detonators. The bomb will explode unless he gets them $100,000 within ten hours, and they also threaten to detonate the bomb if Nick notifies the police. Nick finds Chet, alerts him of the situation, and he reluctantly agrees to help Nick rob a bank. En route, Nick quits his job and then goes to say goodbye to Kate.  Nick and Chet hold up the bank and flee quickly. Dwayne says he and Travis will meet Nick at an abandoned rail yard to make the exchange, but go to a restaurant. Instead, Dwayne calls Juicy to get the hit-man to go. Juicy and the hit man Chango arrive to pick up the money, but do not have the bomb deactivation code. Chet appears and knocks out Chango with a metal bar while Nick incapacitates Juicy. The two grab the money and escape.  Frustrated by the turn of events when Nick refuses to answer the phone again, Dwayne activates the speed dial number on his phone for the bomb to explode, but Travis had altered the number. Rethinking their plan, he and Dwayne head to Kate's apartment in their masks and kidnap her. Chango breaks into the Major's house to find information regarding Dwayne's location and finds a hand-drawn map to the scrapyard. The Major attacks him with a pen gun, but is then shot by Chango after a struggle. Chango then heads to the scrapyard. Dwayne threatens to kill Kate unless Nick meets up with him at the scrapyard.   At the scrapyard, Dwayne gives Nick the code to deactivate and unbuckle the bomb with just minutes to spare. Dwayne has them at gunpoint but Nick has Chet fake having a sniper on them by pointing with his laser pointer. Believing him, Dwayne and Travis drop their weapons and Nick starts to leave with the money. However, Chango knocks him out, then has Dwayne at gunpoint, demanding the money. Dwayne gives the money to him, but Chango decides to still kill him and is torched with a flamethrower by Travis. While burning on the ground, Chango wounds Dwayne and shoots the gas tank on Travis's back, causing it to explode.  Nick grabs the money and leaves with Kate and Chet. Dwayne chases after them and when he is about to shoot Nick, the bomb explodes, seemingly killing him. (Nick reveals he reactivated the bomb and put it in Dwayne's van). While Chet looks at the money, a blue dye pack explodes in his face, making the rest of the money worthless. Chet then yells Sandra's name in anger for lying to them again.  In a post-credits scene, Dwayne (who survived the explosion), Travis, the Major recuperating in a wheelchair, and Juicy are seen in an advertisement for their new family business called "Major Tan: Tanning Salon", which is implied to be a cover for a prostitution ring.  Alternative ending In the alternative ending, Nick, Chet and Kate drive off with the money, discussing what they will do with their newly gained riches. Meanwhile, Dwayne survives the explosion. Annoyed with his plan's failure, he goes to see if Chango successfully killed his father. Dwayne finds his dad on the floor suffering from his gunshot wound and tells him about the tanning salon/brothel idea. His father is excited and tells his son that he is proud of him.  The final scene is at the Four Seasons in Atlanta, where Kate is managing the special events program. She joins Nick and Chet, who are chilling out by the pool enjoying their new lives. The deceased Chango has been blamed for the bank robbery.
After living in a psychiatric hospital, Dana (Kathryn Fiore) along with her husband, Aaron (Flip Schultz) attempt to move into their new house where her father (French Stewart) has murdered the entire cast of The Artist during his exorcism. Dana finds herself dealing with various others who live in the house, including an evil spirit and a teenage daughter (Olivia Alexander) who is infatuated with their neighbor Abraham Lincoln (Ben Morrison).
Queen Gorgo of Sparta tells her men about the Battle of Marathon, in which King Darius of Persia was killed by Themistocles of Athens. Darius's son, Xerxes, witnesses his father's death and is advised to never wage war against the Greeks. Darius's naval commander, Artemisia, persuades Xerxes to become a god and sends Xerxes on a journey through the desert. Xerxes reaches a cave and bathes in an otherworldly liquid, emerging as a "God-King". He returns to Persia and declares war on Greece to avenge his father.  As Xerxes's forces advance towards Thermopylae, Themistocles meets with the council and convinces them to provide him with a fleet to engage the Persians at sea. Themistocles travels to Sparta to ask King Leonidas for help but is informed by Dilios that Leonidas is consulting the Oracle, and Gorgo is reluctant to side with Athens. Themistocles reunites with his old friend Scyllias, who infiltrated the Persian troops and reveals Artemisia was born Greek, but defected to Persia after her family was raped and murdered by Greek hoplites. Rescued and adopted by a Persian emissary, she was trained and eventually rose up to become a naval commander. Themistocles also learns that Leonidas has marched to fight the Persians with only 300 men.  Themistocles leads his fleet of fifty warships and several thousand men, which include Scyllias, Scyllias's son Calisto, and Themistocles' right-hand man Aeskylos to the Aegean Sea, starting the Battle of Artemisium. They ram their ships into the Persian ships and attack them before retreating. The following day, the Greeks feigned a retreat and led a group of Persian ships into a crevice, where they became stuck. The Greeks attacked the Persian ships from the cliffs above. Impressed with Themistocles, Artemisia brings him onto her ship and attempts to lure him to the Persian side as her second-in-command, but he refuses her offer.  The Persians attack the Greek ships with tar and flame bombs, but an Athenian kills one of the Persians, who falls into the tar carrying a torch, damaging ships from both sides. Themistocles is thrown into the sea by an explosion and nearly drowns before being rescued by Aeskylos, and stands by Scyllias's side as he succumbs to his injuries. Believing Themistocles to be dead, Artemisia and her forces withdraw. After recovering from his injuries, Themistocles learns that only a few hundred of his warriors and six of his ships survived the disastrous attack.  Daxos, an Arcadian general, tells Themistocles that Leonidas and his 300 men were killed after Ephialtes betrayed the Greeks to Xerxes. Themistocles returns to Athens and confronts Ephialtes, who reveals that Xerxes plans to attack and burn Athens. Ephialtes regrets his betrayal and welcomes death, but is spared so he can warn Xerxes that the Greek forces are gathering at Salamis. Themistocles visits Gorgo in Sparta to ask for help, but Gorgo is mourning Leonidas's death and refuses. Before departing, Themistocles returns Leonidas's sword, which had been delivered to him by Ephialtes under Xerxes's orders, and urges Gorgo to avenge Leonidas.  In Athens, Xerxes's army is laying waste when Ephialtes arrives to deliver Themistocles' message. Upon learning he is alive, Artemisia leaves to ready her navy for battle. Themistocles inspires all of his remaining forces to continue fighting. The remaining Greek ships charge into the Persian ships, beginning the decisive Battle of Salamis. Themistocles and Artemisia engage in a duel, which ends in a stalemate with both receiving severe injuries.  Gorgo arrives at the battle along with ships from numerous Greek city-states including Delphi, Thebes, Olympia, Arcadia, and Sparta, all uniting against the surrounded Persians. Daxos leads the Arcadian army while Themistocles urges Artemisia to surrender. Xerxes, watching the battle from a cliff, turns his back on her, acknowledging his naval defeat and continuing the march of his army. Artemisia tries to kill Themistocles, but he stabs her, killing her. While Dilios leads the Greek assault, Themistocles and Gorgo charge at the Persians with the entire Greek army.
In 2190, the space station Pangea refuels ships bound for Earth's first space colony, Europa One. Rotating crews maintain Pangea in 10-year shifts. Four American astronauts arrive to begin their term: Captain John Laine, engineer Jackie Miller, doctor Richard Valin, and Lisa Brown.  In their first year, the crew interacts amicably, and Laine and Miller begin a romantic relationship. With each passing year, the crew drifts apart. By the fifth year, isolation takes a toll. Laine experiences night terrors, and Valin has stopped showering. Valin is forced to deem the crew mentally unfit to continue the mission. As the crew comes to terms with failing their mission, shockwaves from a massive explosion damage Pangea. Laine regains consciousness and finds Miller, who informs him Brown was seriously injured. Valin is unresponsive and in shock. The crew repeatedly tries to contact Earth but, after 62 hours, receives no response. Pangea eventually locates an asteroid field where Earth once was, implying that the planet was destroyed.  Brown succumbs to her injuries. Valin is convinced the Earth was destroyed. Miller suggests using the escape pod to search for survivors, namely her daughter, but Valin notes there are not enough supplies to return to Pangea if Earth is truly gone. Laine suggests traveling to Europa instead, which Valin despondently rejects. Miller, who refuses to believe her daughter is gone, attempts to board the escape pod herself. The pod malfunctions; Laine saves Miller, but they lose the pod.  Three months pass. Pangea's life support systems decays to 55%, Valin is talking to himself regularly, and Miller self-medicates with sedatives. Laine asks Miller to help him devise a survival plan. The two decide to separate Pangea's two stations with a controlled explosion, allowing their oxygen supplies to replenish adequately. Valin sinks into defeatist nihilism and sees no point to their plan.  Laine is abruptly awakened by the ship's alarm to find Valin floating away from Pangea untethered. Valin says he has accepted his fate but panics at the emptiness of space. Laine fails to rescue Valin. As Miller proposes they consume suicide pills, she sees a space shuttle float by. Laine boards the shuttle and recovers three unconscious, malnourished astronauts. Captain Diane Ures is the first to awaken. She explains her team comprises French astronauts, Vincent and Thomas. They, and two Americans, were training on the International Space Station when the explosion destroyed the station and forced them to head for Pangea, a three-month trip. The two American crew members died, which allowed them to survive on limited supplies.  The presence of survivors renews the spirits of both crews, and they celebrate together. However, Miller calculates the addition of more crew members will deplete Pangea's life support systems within one month instead of three years. She insists on traveling back to Earth in the ISS shuttle until Diane admits she saw Earth explode violently while receiving a final transmission saying, "What have we done? Do not return. I repeat, do not return. Go to Europa."  Vincent and Thomas express hostility towards the Pangea crew. Diane tells Laine her team discovered the lack of remaining life support, but she remains diplomatic. Vincent confesses to murdering his two American colleagues to ensure his own survival. He and Thomas stage a mutiny, kill Diane, then attack Laine and Miller. Laine is stabbed, and the two French astronauts escape. Miller chases Thomas into Station Two and incapacitates him when he hesitates. Vincent and Laine scuffle in Station One over the station controls. Vincent overpowers Laine and triggers an explosion, breaking Pangea into two halves. Laine opens the outer hatch, expelling Vincent into space.  Miller, still trapped in Station Two, contacts Laine over the intercom. The explosion damaged the shuttle, leaving Laine unable to travel to Miller in time. As Miller drifts beyond communications range, Laine promises her that he will find her one day. In 2198, Laine lives alone, appearing disheveled and suffering from hallucinations yet scanning space tirelessly. He locates the missing station on Day 3022. In a log entry, he explains that he finally understands why Miller always reserved hope for her loved ones despite understanding the reality. With the shuttle now repaired, he boards Station Two unsure if Miller is still alive. He finds Miller slumped in a makeshift quarters, weakened but alive.
During Halloween 1976, a group of carnival workers, Charly, Venus, Panda, Levon and Roscoe, gleefully travel through the countryside. Later that night, the group is attacked by people disguised as scarecrows and taken to a strange, large building where three elderly people wearing aristocratic clothes, powdered wigs and make up – known as Sister Dragon, Sister Serpent and their leader, Father Napoleon-Horatio-Silas Murder – tell them that they are going to play the game "31" and that it will last for the next 12 hours. The group is placed in a series of maze-like set of rooms, where they must defend themselves against the "Heads", several murderous clowns who intend to torture and murder them, all the while the group are given odds for their survival and bets are placed on them.  The protagonists come across five "Heads": neo-Nazi Sick-Head, Psycho-Head, Schizo-Head, cross-dressing Death-Head, and Sex-Head. The carnies eventually manage to kill all of the male and female assailants, but not without sustaining their own casualties, with only Charly, Venus and Roscoe left alive. The remaining three try to find a way out, but only manage to get one of their number – Venus – trapped inside a boiler room, where she is brutally murdered by the final Head, Doom-Head, who was brought in by the aristocrats to join the game. Doom-Head taunts Charly and Roscoe, telling them that the doors have been opened to the outside world.  The two manage to make it to one of the exits, however Roscoe urges Charly to go on without him, as the night's event has left him too severely wounded to progress. Roscoe is then stabbed to death by Doom-Head. Charly, who made it outside but found herself in the middle of nowhere, makes her way into an abandoned house where she is ambushed by Doom-Head. He almost defeats her, however Doom-Head is stopped by the aristocrats, who tell him that time has run out and Charly must go free. The aristocrats are concerned that Charly is the first person to win "31". This doesn't satisfy Doom-Head; later he catches up with Charly, who is covered in blood and headed down an isolated road. He alights from a van and takes out his daggers as he and Charly prepare for one last confrontation as the film ends, leaving their fates unknown.
The movie begins with a boy asking his younger brother Drew to race his friends for a bet and Drew wins. Later, they arrive home to find police taking their father away. 10 years later, Drew Jacobs is a member of his high school's track team, though finally leaves after altercations with another runner, Eric Whitehall. He has a strained relationship with his brother Wes and lives with his mother Claire too. Wes often asks Drew to run money over and pick drugs up by his local drug dealer, Eli.  An old track coach, Coleman, who also is Drew's neighbor and a loner after his son died in a car accident, observes Drew run to and back from Eli's place, and is impressed with his speed, five-minute mile pace. He decides to start training Drew, who almost gives up after crazy challenges.  Drew continues running his brother's drug errands, though Eli threatens them both because Wes is too afraid to show his face when he owes Eli money. Drew also begins catching feelings for his friend Lisa, also on the track team, who expresses her sadness in not being able to attend a UC Berkeley art program that she was accepted into due to financial problems. Drew wants to win a track meet and break the four-minute mile and get a scholarship so he can go there too.  After a while of training, Drew discovers that Coleman is training him for the mile whereas he was hoping to run in the 400 meter event. In a deal, Drew races against Eric in the 400, however loses and decides to enter in for the mile. He trains and observes the current state champion, Charles St. James, hoping to beat him in the mile at Regionals. Coleman tells him to focus on running and battling himself rather than St. James, to which Drew agrees to. He finally enters into a relationship with Lisa. However, in the race, he gets second place and lashes out at Coleman and Lisa.  Problems at home escalate when Eli violently attacks Wes, spilling blood at their home after stabbing him. Their mother finds out about Wes' drug dealing and as their yelling increases, Drew slips out and runs, finally beating and facing the fear that always held him back. He reconciles with Coleman and Lisa and his training and technique improves. However, one day, Eli shows up at their home with a gun and Wes confronts him armed as well. Observing from his window, Coleman calls the police but brings a baseball bat with him to stop the fight. Instead, he is accidentally shot by Wes, who is later arrested, but Coleman dies. Broken, Drew is in an unstable state until Coleman's funeral, where he realizes that he should break the four-minute mile for both himself and Coleman. Many friends, family, and teachers gather at the docks to watch Drew run, and the scenes also compare his style with St. James, who is running at the same time at the state meet.  St. James attempts to beat his current record but makes a 4:02 mile while Drew breaks the four-minute mile at a 3:57.  The film ends as St. James runs for UCLA and Drew for UC Berkeley, as they run in an NCAA championship.
Four astronautsCaptain Theo Cooper, Dr. Emily McTier, Bug Kieslowski, and Cole Dvorakbegin a 400-day-long simulation on Earth intended to study the long-term effects of space travel.  As their time underground grinds on, the crew begins to deal with extreme psychological effects like paranoia and hallucination. The team settles deeper into their separate spaces, until a disheveled man finds his way into their simulated space ship. After his escape, the crew decides to exit and explore the surface world, which they discover is now dark, windy, desolate, forbidding, and covered with dust.  After a long walk with minor incidents, they discover the town "Tranquillity", which is inhabited and has electricity. A man named Zell invites them into his diner and tells them the moon had been struck by something which created an enormous dust cloud now covering the Earth, blocking the sun.  Dvorak scoffs at this suggestion, still believing they are in a simulation, and leaves to go to the local bar, followed by the rest of the crew. After a few drinks, Dvorak leaves the bar with a young woman without telling the others. The other three return to the diner, where Zell has offered them a place to sleep.  Bug takes first watch duty and soon begins hallucinating that he follows his son Sam but stomps across Zell, where the scene ends. Soon, McTier and Cooper wake up alone. When they ask Zell about their missing friends, he insists that Cooper and McTier arrived alone. Suspecting danger, the pair leaves the diner and unsuccessfully looks for their friends.  The pair returns to the ship and, as Cooper closes the entrance hatch, he discovers that they were being followed by Zell and two other men. Cooper and McTier manage to neutralize their attackers.  The very moment Zell dies, the 400 days have just passed, and they are informed that the simulation has ended with great success. The entrance hatch opens, and bright light shines down. Cooper and McTier grab each other's hands and anxiously await what happens next, but the film ends without showing that.
In 1945, Brooklyn Dodgers owner Branch Rickey meets with sportswriter Wendell Smith regarding wanting to recruit a black baseball player for his team; Wendell suggests Jackie Robinson of the Kansas City Monarchs. Robinson accepts, but is warned by Rickey that he must control his temper despite the adversities he will face while breaking the color line. Robinson proposes to his girlfriend, Rachel, and she accepts.  Robinson earns a spot with the Montreal Royals, the AAA affiliate of the Brooklyn farm system. After performing well his first season, he advances to the Dodgers and is trained as a first baseman. Some of the Dodgers draft a petition refusing to play with Robinson, but manager Leo Durocher rebuffs them. However, Durocher is suspended by Baseball Commissioner Happy Chandler due to his extramarital affair. Burt Shotton takes over as manager. Robinson and Rachel have their first child.  In a game against the Philadelphia Phillies, manager Ben Chapman taunts Robinson with racial epithets. With encouragement from Rickey, Robinson scores the winning run. When Chapman's behavior toward Robinson generates negative press for the team, Phillies' general manager Herb Pennock requires him to pose with Robinson for Life magazine.  Later, Pee Wee Reese comes to understand what kind of pressure Robinson is facing, and makes a public show of solidarity, standing with his arm around Robinson's shoulders before a hostile crowd at Crosley Field in Cincinnati, silencing them.  In a game against the St. Louis Cardinals, Enos Slaughter spikes Robinson on the back of the leg with his cleats. The Dodgers want revenge, but Robinson calms them and insists they focus on winning the game.  Robinson's home run against Pittsburgh Pirates pitcher Fritz Ostermueller, who had earlier hit him in the head, helps the Dodgers clinch the National League pennant, sending them to the World Series.  A series of texts is shown in the epilogue of the film regarding Robinson and his teammates’ future involvements, as well as others.
Sisters Lisa and Kate are on vacation in Mexico after Lisa's boyfriend recently broke up with her. They decide to go shark watching from a diving cage with two local men. At the docks Lisa, who has never dived, is wary of the boat and its owner, Captain Taylor. They lie to him and tell him that they are both experienced divers and he agrees to take them out.  Lisa and Kate make a descent in a cage, with masks that allow them to talk to Taylor on the surface and to each other. They are soon surrounded by great white sharks, but the winch boom breaks free and the cage sinks to the ocean floor, 47 metres below the surface and out of communication range with the boat. Kate swims up until she is able to resume communication with Taylor, who tells her that one of his men, Javier, will be coming down with a spare winch cable. He advises them to stay in the cage because the sharks are close by. Both women are running out of air but soon see a flashlight in the distance and Lisa swims out to attract attention, managing to avoid a shark which tries to attack her.  She becomes disoriented and Javier attempts to usher her back towards safety, but he is killed by a great white shark. Lisa takes his spear gun and the winch cable and swims back to the cage. The spare cable is attached but it snaps and the cage sinks back down, landing on Lisa's leg and pinning her. Kate tells Taylor they are low on air and Lisa is trapped. He sends air tanks down and tells them the coast guard is an hour away. He also warns that the second tank may cause nitrogen narcosis, which can lead to hallucinations. Kate leaves the cage to retrieve the air tanks and also finds three flares, but as she returns to the cage, she is attacked and (presumably) devoured by a great white shark.  Lisa uses her BCD to lift up the cage, freeing her leg and she swims to Kate, who appears to only be wounded. Due to the nature of Kate's injuries, the sisters decide to swim to the surface, using one of the flares to scare off the sharks. At the 20-meter mark, Taylor reminds them they must wait five minutes to decompress and avoid the bends. Kate accidentally drops the second flare and lights the third, discovering that they are surrounded by sharks.  As the third flare goes out, they drop their gear and make a break for the surface. A shark bites one of Lisa's legs but she escapes and both women make it to the boat. Lisa is attacked again and when the men finally manage to pull the sisters onto the boat, they see that she has lost half of her leg.  It is then revealed that Lisa has been hallucinating due to nitrogen narcosis and that she is still at the bottom of the ocean with her leg pinned under the cage, with Kate gone. As Coast Guard divers arrive to rescue her, she begins coming out of her hallucination, calling out for Kate, who she realizes was killed earlier by the great white shark.
Mia and stepsister Sasha have just moved to a new school. Another student, Catherine, pushes Mia into the campus pool with Sasha as a bystander. Mia's father Grant learns about the incident and plans a boat ride for the sisters to see the great white sharks, hoping the two will bond. Grant gives Mia a tooth of a great white shark he found and recounts when Mia used to scuba dive with him.  On the day of the boat ride, Mia is shocked to see that Catherine and her friends are also there for the tour. Sasha's friends Alexa and Nicole arrive and tempt them both to go to a secret place with them. The girls get in Alexa's car and have a fun time together at the secret lagoon. Alexa reveals that the lagoon has an entrance to a submerged Mayan city where Grant and his two assistants—Carl and Alexa's boyfriend Ben—are working to prepare for a visit from a group of archaeologists the following week. After finding scuba gear, Nicole persuades the girls to dive through the city, eventually reaching an ancient sacrificial chamber. They encounter a cavefish, and Nicole accidentally knocks over a stone column, causing a chain reaction of collapses.  The girls become separated by the silt until Mia and Alexa find Ben, who is suddenly devoured by a shark and drops the guideline. The girls find each other and are chased by a shark into a tunnel, causing a cave-in to the lagoon's entrance. The girls decide to go back for the guideline but encounter a shark forcing the girls to swim deeper into the city until they reach an air pocket. Mia hears music in the water and leaves the girls behind in an attempt to get help. Elsewhere, Carl, who is listening to the music, is later attacked and killed by a shark. Mia eventually finds his body, and Grant saves her. The two reunite with the other girls, who came looking for her. They realize the shark is blind, having evolved within the caves, and they are able to distract the shark with sounds and make their escape. The group surfaces at a clearing where a pulley system ascender is set in place. However, two sharks come to the surface, and Nicole panics. She attempts to climb up the rope as Alexa is going up, inadvertently causing much of the rope and Alexa to fall back into the water. Nicole does climb up to reach an entrance, but instead she holds a loose rock, loses her grip, and also falls back, then she is ripped apart and devoured in a feeding frenzy by two sharks.  Grant explains that the only way out is to swim back down even deeper in order to find another exit, which will let them come out in the ocean, but is killed by a shark moments later. Mia, Sasha, and Alexa swim into the caves alone, eventually coming upon a strong current that catches Sasha and separates her from the others. Alexa makes it to the other entrance but is attacked by one of the sharks, and Mia is dragged into the current. Alexa escapes the shark by taking off her air tank but eventually drowns. Mia reunites with Sasha at the lower current, and they swim into a newly discovered cave. At the end of the cave, they find a crevice that leads to the surface, but a shark appears and attacks them. Climbing up the narrow crevice, both girls alternatively get caught in the tight space and must abandon their now empty air tanks to escape.  At the surface, they see a tour boat and start swimming towards it until they realize it is chumming the water to attract sharks. Mia and Sasha get the tourists' attention as they are attacked by the sharks. While Mia makes it onto the boat, Sasha is grabbed by a shark. Mia jumps back into the water and shoots the shark with a flare gun, freeing Sasha. Sasha reaches the boat, but Mia is dragged into the water by another shark. She escapes by stabbing the shark's eye with the tooth given to her by Grant. Mia swims to the boat and reunites with Sasha as a shocked Catherine watches the boat's staff tend to their wounds.
In late-medieval Japan, Kai is a half-Japanese and half-English outcast who gets saved by Lord Asano, the benevolent ruler of the Akō Domain. Kai and Asano's daughter Mika fall in love, despite the scorn her father's samurai hold for Kai’s mixed ancestry.  Lord Kira, the Shōgun's master of ceremonies, seeks to take Akō for himself with the help of Mizuki, a shapeshifting kitsune. She sends a kirin to kill Asano and his men on a hunting trip, leading Kai to ride to their aid. Taking up a fallen sword, Kai slays the monster and spots Mizuki in the form of a white fox with different-colored eyes. When the Shōgun Tokugawa Tsunayoshi visits Akō, Kai notices Mizuki disguised as a concubine with the same multi-colored eyes. He tries to warn Asano's principal counselor, Oishi, about the witch in Kira's household, but is dismissed.  For the entertainment of the Shōgun, Kira arranges a duel between his best warrior, a golem, and Asano's chosen combatant, whom Mizuki incapacitates with magic. Kai secretly dons his armor to fight in his stead, but is unmasked during the duel, and the Shōgun orders him severely beaten. That night, Mizuki bewitches Asano into believing Kira is raping Mika, causing him to attack the unarmed lord. Sentenced to death, Asano is compelled to perform seppuku to preserve his honor. The Shōgun gives Kira domain over Akō and Mika, granting her one year of mourning before she must marry Kira. The Shōgun brands Oishi and his men ronin, forbidding them from avenging Asano, and Kira has Oishi imprisoned and Kai sold into slavery.  Nearly a year later, Oishi is released by his captors, believing him harmless. Having realized that Kira used sorcery to frame Asano, Oishi and his son Chikara reunite the scattered ronin, and rescue Kai from the fighting pits of the Dutch colony of Dejima. Kai leads them to the mystical Tengu Forest, which he escaped as a child, to obtain the special blades of the Tengu. Warning Oishi never to draw his sword inside the Tengu temple, Kai faces the Tengu Master who once trained him. Faced with an illusion of his men being slaughtered by the Tengu, Oishi resists the urge to draw his sword, while Kai bests his former master. Having proven themselves worthy, the ronin receive their blades.  They plan to ambush Kira on his pilgrimage to a shrine to seek blessings for his wedding to Mika, but the procession is a trap and most of the ronin are killed. Believing them all dead, Mizuki presents Kira with Oishi's sword, and taunts Mika with their deaths. Oishi and Kai, having survived the attack, lead half the remaining ronin to infiltrate Kira's castle, disguised as a band of wedding performers. With Kira's men distracted during the performance, the other ronin scale the castle walls and attack the guards. While Oishi fights Kira, Kai and Mika face Mizuki in the form of a dragon, and Kai finally draws on the mystical powers of the Tengu to kill her. Oishi emerges with Kira's severed head, and Kira's retainers surrender.  The ronin and Kai surrender themselves to the authorities of the bakufu and are sentenced to death, having violated the Shōgun's prohibition on avenging Asano. However, the Shōgun declares that they followed the principles of bushido and restores their honor as samurai, allowing them to perform seppuku and receive the honor of burial with Asano. The Shōgun returns domain of Akō to Mika, and pardons Chikara so that he may preserve Oishi’s bloodline and serve Akō.  An epilogue explains the tradition of paying respect at the graves of the 47 Ronin, which continues every year on December 14.
Set in New York City, the film focuses on the relationship between two people as they await the end of all life on Earth. Scientists and theologians alike have predicted that, by the next morning at 4:44 a.m., deadly solar and cosmic radiation will destroy the Earth's ozone layer, and all life on the planet with it. Mixed in throughout the film are news clips of various reporters, commentators and celebrities who contemplate what the end of the world will be like.  Cisco and Skye confine themselves to a loft in the city. Cisco is a successful middle-aged actor who just wants to spend his last hours with the woman he cares about. Skye is a young artist whose latest project, a large painting on the floor, serves as an outlet for her emotions.  Cisco and Skye notice how strangely calm the city is, aside from isolated reports of looting, protests and suicides. They occasionally break away from watching the news to have sex, and, afterwards, Skye continues to work on her painting, always changing her clothes for each new layer of paint she adds.  They order Vietnamese food and give all of their US$400 to the delivery boy. They allow him to use their laptop computer to talk with his parents in Vietnam via Skype software. After the delivery boy leaves, Cisco and Skye each use the computer to talk with their families: Cisco talks with his ex-wife and his estranged teenage daughter, and Skye talks with her mother.  When the pair have an argument over their insecurities, Cisco walks out and goes to the apartment of two old friends, Noah and Tina, who are enjoying drugs in the company of a local drug dealer. After a long talk about life and being with the people they love, Cisco leaves to rejoin Skye at the loft, where they wait until 4:44 a.m. They die in each other's embrace, as Skye is reciting her marriage vows.
Adam, a small town auto-mechanic, celebrates his 24th birthday with his childhood friends Chris, Nick and Ortu. At the bar, Chris meets a girl who he believes to be named Tracy and tries to pair her friend with Adam, but he declines. The following morning, Adam comes out as gay to his friends. Chris' girlfriend, Jess, reveals that she knew Adam was gay and believes that he's in love with Chris. Adam's friends are initially uncomfortable around him, but eventually come to accept and embrace his sexuality. While Chris decides to go out with Tracy from the bar, Adam goes out with a man he met online named Brad. Tracy leaves the date as Chris expresses discomfort about Adam being gay, and Adam is catfished by an older man who is married to a woman. While discussing their dates, Chris learns that Adam hasn't had a genuine relationship with a man since high school.   In order to mend Adam's loneliness, Chris rallies Nick and Ortu to help Adam find a boyfriend. While the they improve Adam's confidence and dating life, he still remains unsuccessful in having a boyfriend. He also struggles to come out to his family as his mother tries setting him up with his old high school girlfriend, Dorothy. He is then harassed by his Christian fundamentalist neighbor, Martha, after she discovers he's gay. Chris invites Adam on a double date with Jess and her gay friend, Marc. However, Adam and Marc do not get along, causing a fight between Chris and Jess. The two break up, and Jess advises Chris not to be so close with Adam, as she still believes he's in love with him. Chris and Adam continue hanging out, and Adam encourages him to apologize to Tracy and start dating her, instead.   One day at the repair shop, Adam meets an attractive customer who he believes he has a connection with. He consults with his friends, and they also believe the customer is gay and interested in Adam. However, he awkwardly flirts with the customer and is unsuccessful in asking him out. During lunch with his family, Adam's mother keeps pressuring him to go out with Dorothy. Martha then arrives unannounced with a priest to help Adam repent for his sins, prompting him to come out to his family. Wanting to cheer Adam up, his friends take him out to the local gay bar. There, Chris runs into Tracy and her gay brother. While reconciling, Chris learns that he has mistakenly been calling her Tracy, which causes a rift in their relationship. Later that night, as Adam and Chris are hanging out together, Chris reaches over Adam to grab his phone. Adam goes in to kiss Chris in a misunderstanding. Realizing Adam's in love with him, Chris leaves.  Chris gets back with Jess and starts avoiding Adam. Ortu invites them for his Fourth of July barbeque, but Adam and Chris are unsure if they want to go if the other plans on going. Adam gets advice from Brad to be honest about how he feels. Adam goes home to his parents and expresses his feelings. He later attends the barbeque with Dorothy, even though she knows he's gay, and introduces her to Nick. Meanwhile, Chris sees the car Adam fixed for the customer he liked and vandalizes it. He breaks up with Jess and goes to Ortu's party. Adam and Chris initially argue, but reconcile after Ortu proposes to his girlfriend. Adam invites "Tracy" over to the party and introduces her to Chris as Rachel. The two apologize to each other, with Chris kissing Adam to make sure there are no romantic feelings. Adam feels nothing and the two remain friends. The next day, the customer Adam flirted with returns to the shop after his car had been vandalized by Chris. Adam introduces himself to the customer, Matt.
In 2007, during the Iraq War, a Georgian contingent of the coalition forces saves the life of American reporter Thomas Anders (Rupert Friend), although one of his colleagues (Heather Graham) is killed in the process. One year later, in 2008, he returns to Los Angeles, California but soon goes to Georgia on the advice of some of his friends in Tbilisi, who suspect that a large conflict is brewing. He, along with his cameraman Sebastian Ganz (Richard Coyle), delve deeper into Georgian life as conflict escalates and they get caught in the crossfire when an air raid strikes a local wedding they stumble upon. With members of the wedding party (Emmanuelle Chriqui), and the help of a Georgian soldier (Johnathon Schaech) who had earlier saved them in Iraq, their mission becomes getting their footage of an atrocity by Russian irregulars out of the country. But they find themselves faced with international apathy due to the opening of the 2008 Olympic Games. Their flight leads them to the Gori.  The film ends with a long series of testimonials from Georgian citizens who lost family members during the conflict.
Alex and Ruth Carver, an older couple, want to move because living in a five-story walk-up is too difficult without an elevator. Alex is a painter and uses one of the rooms as his studio. Ruth is a retired school teacher. They have lived there so many years that it and the neighborhood have become intertwined with their lives. Their niece Lilly is their broker and believes the apartment is worth up to $1M.  Three other plot lines develop simultaneously with the sale of the apartment. One is the problem with the Carvers' old dog Dorothy who gets a ruptured disc and the issue of how much money to spend to help her. The second is an ongoing news story about a driver of a disabled tanker truck, a supposed terrorist, on the bridge near the Carvers' apartment. The third is the Carvers looking at new apartments.  The vet tells them that an operation costing $10,000 might fix Dorothy's ruptured disk. Alex is against it at first but later agrees with Ruth that they have to do whatever it takes to save Dorothy. After the operation, Dorothy is still unable to move her legs. Toward the end of the movie, while still under the care of the vet, Dorothy starts walking again.  In their search for a replacement apartment, Ruth finds one she really likes, and their offer is accepted. However, the sellers' agent wants a deposit cheque that evening or it will go back out to bid. When Alex, Ruth, and Lilly arrive at the apartment to write the deposit, the owners tell them it is not enough. Meanwhile, the news reports that the driver of the tanker has been apprehended. Alex is startled that the driver is "just a kid".  Alex does not like the owners' attitude and refuses to write a deposit check. Alex and Ruth leave. As they are leaving, Lilly finds out that the Carvers are no longer interested in selling their apartment. She flips them off and walks away.  The film ends with Alex walking Dorothy up the stairs to their apartment in the winter. He sees a young couple moving into their building, similar to when he and Ruth first moved in 40 years ago.
Following a global economic collapse resulting in a post apocalyptic world, Matti (Kelsey Hutton) and her older sister Joslyn (Eve Kozikowski) are hiding beneath the floor as an armed intruder searches their house. After finding their parents killed, Matti plans on traveling to their grandmother's house, taking a shotgun and five shells she found scattered near her father's body. Maddi uses one shell for target practice before leaving the home. The sisters travel, staying in abandoned places and almost drown crossing a river. Maddi begins having recurrent dreams involving a yellow brick road and other imagery from The Wizard of Oz, whose original book she often reads to her sister.  Maddi shoots a rabbit for food, then are approached by two men, Frank (Chad Brummett) and Stan (Lincoln Mark), who offer their assistance to the sisters. In private Stan tells Matti to run away when they get the opportunity but decline to give a reason. They drive off in Stan's minivan. At night the two girls stay outside as the men sleep in the vehicle. Matti insists on them leaving and throws the Oz book into the fire as Joslyn lays down, refusing to leave.  In the morning Frank sends Matti and Stan searching for firewood. Once alone, he sexually assaults Joslyn. The others return, Matti shooting into the air to get Frank's attention. As the sisters and Stan drive away, Frank shoots his pistol at them then begins walking down the road. After running out of gas, the three teens walk, finding a house occupied by Gage (Craig Myers) who offers them shelter for the night.  Some time after the three leave the house, Frank breaks in, tortures and interrogates Gage to reveal the directions he has given the teens. He tracks them down to a town, abandoned and overgrown by weeds, then to the house of the sister's grandmother which is also abandoned. He pistol-whips Joslyn as she rushes to attack him, then chases the others. About to kill Stan, he is shot by Matti.  Joslyn insists on returning to their home. Matti finds a copy of Oz, only to throw it away when she sees Joslyn and Stan kissing. That night she thinks about shooting Stan and finds a porn magazine in his belongings which she reads in private. The next night Matti passes around a bottle of scotch whisky, spilling her portions until the others are drunk. As Joslyn sleeps she seduces Stan. In the morning Joslyn, seeing her sister's panties on the ground and Stan's pants down at his ankles, confronts the two. Matti admits having sex with him, afraid that the two of them would leave her alone. As Joslyn taunts her sister, Matti shoots, killing both.  She runs back to Gage's house, only to find him dead. She then sees her parents and sister at the table. A moment later she opens her eyes, finding herself under the floor of her house.
Brian Bloom (Anton Yelchin), a struggling 24-year-old writer in New York City, meets a 33-year-old French woman named Arielle Pierpont (Bérénice Marlohe). They feel powerfully attracted to one another.   After their second meeting, Arielle reveals that she is married to a much older diplomat, Valéry (Lambert Wilson), and they have two young children. Arielle and Valéry have an agreement that each is permitted to have extramarital affairs as long as they are limited to the time between 5 and 7 p.m. on weeknights. Brian is perplexed at this information and tells Arielle that he cannot continue to see her, believing it to be unethical. She says that, should he change his mind, she will continue to smoke on Fridays at the same place they met.  After three weeks Brian decides to meet again with Arielle. She gives him a hotel key and in the evening at the hotel room they consummate their relationship. They begin to meet regularly at the same hotel room in the evenings.   Valéry, who is aware of Brian's affair with Arielle, approaches him on the street and invites him to his house for dinner. There, Brian meets Arielle and Valéry's children and is introduced to Valéry's lover, 25-year-old editor Jane (Olivia Thirlby). Arielle later meets Brian's parents, Sam (Frank Langella) and Arlene (Glenn Close). Upon learning that she is an older, married mother of two, Sam tells Brian that he disapproves of the relationship, while Arlene accepts that they love each other despite the circumstances.   When Brian is invited to a New Yorker ceremony to receive an award for one of his short stories, he is joined by Arielle, Valéry, Jane, and his parents. Jane tells Brian that her boss Galassi (Eric Stoltz), a publisher, has read his story and wants him to write a novel.  Brian meets Arielle at the hotel and asks her to marry him, giving her a ring. He insists that he is truly in love with her, and Arielle accepts his proposal, telling him to meet her the next day at the hotel. Valéry shows up at Brian's apartment that night, slapping him and expressing anger at his betrayal of the rules and boundaries of an open marriage. He then gives Brian a check for $250,000 for Brian to give Arielle the life she deserves, and he leaves.   The next day, the hotel doorman gives Brian a letter from Arielle. In it she explains that, although she loves him deeply, she cannot leave her husband and children, and asks him not to contact her again.  Jane later ends her relationship with Valéry because it feels like a betrayal of her friendship with Brian, and Brian's first novel is published by Galassi. After some years, Brian is walking down the street with his wife, Kiva (Jocelyn DeBoer), and their two-year-old son. They run into Arielle, Valéry and their now-teenage children outside the Guggenheim. Valéry asks about Jane, and Brian tells him that she is married with a son. Arielle shows him subtly that she still wears the ring he gave to her before they part again.
Eight-year-old Pat sees the film 2001: A Space Odyssey and it creates a lifelong desire in him to create special effects movies, starting in his backyard with an 8mm camera.  His father initially supports his activities, but eventually leaves the family. He makes his own sequels to Planet of the Apes, Jaws, and Space: 1999 all while dreaming of one day making it big in Hollywood himself.  As a high school senior, Pat has yet to finish any of his films, much to the frustration of his best friend Bill Holmes, who is also his filmmaking partner and lead actor. Pat and Bill struggle to fit in at school but Bill's sometime girlfriend Robin enjoys their unique friendship. Pat is obsessed with 2001 and his obsession leads him to learn all he can about special effects artist and filmmaker Douglas Trumbull, whom he mostly knows about by reading magazines like American Cinematographer.  Pat works on a new film about an alien visiting his small town and his difficulty fitting in. He meets Linda, who works in his school cafeteria, while she is reading Arthur C. Clarke's 2001 novel.  He takes it as a sign, and they begin dating, but it is unclear if she's a better fit for him than Robin.  Linda has a protective friend named Tony who doesn't like Pat or Bill.  Pat's mother calls American Cinematographer editor Herb Lightman, who reluctantly agrees to host Pat on his visit to Hollywood and try to introduce him to Trumbull.  They visit Trumbull's studio, where they stumble upon Steven Spielberg and his team shooting effects for Close Encounters of the Third Kind.  Pat is overwhelmed by Spielberg and he ends up wandering around the studio.  He recognizes several people from his magazines and is awestruck by seeing them work.  As they leave the studio, they run into Trumbull, who doesn't have time for more than a "hello".  Lightman takes Pat to another studio – Industrial Light & Magic – where the technicians there are trying to wrap up the effects shots for Star Wars.  John Dykstra gives him a full tour, explaining the models and sets and his tour ends with a screening of an unfinished work print of Star Wars.  Pat returns home, to the disappointment of his family that he failed to make inroads with any of the people he met.  Pat has been enthralled by Star Wars, but fails to transfer his excitement to anyone back home.  He counts down the days until its release, hoping that once it comes out everyone in his town will love the movie, and he won't feel as alone.  On the release date, May 25, 1977, a series of events cause Pat to miss each of the first day's showing of Star Wars, including a fight with Bill, taking Robin to the hospital, and sleeping with Linda for the first time – and then breaking up.  He has a showdown with Tony, and beats him.  He makes it to the theater in time for a midnight showing, only to learn that "In Theaters Everywhere" doesn't include the one in his town.  Two weeks later, Robin takes Pat to the theater, which is finally showing Star Wars, and the line to get in goes around the block.  The finished film is everything he hoped it would be, and he packs up and leaves for California with the encouragement of his family and Bill.
Off Isla Palomino, Puerto Rico, two photographers and four models are mid-photo shooting on a yacht and in the water when a shark's dorsal fin breaches the sea's surface nearby. They begin photographing the shark, not realizing it is swimming toward them until it is too late and a massive 4-headed shark bursts from the water, devouring everyone on board the yacht. Puerto Rican Police Captain Sterling and his Deputy Black later report to the yacht, board it, and find the passengers missing. On the photographer's camera, the officers find blurry images of the 4-headed shark as it is about to eat the passengers.  Captain Sterling and Black seek the advice of Dr. Angie Yost, a marine biologist from the Puerto Rico Aquarium. Yost is pressured by the aquarium's owner, Thaddeus Marshall, to lie and say that the photos are likely a distortion and that the creature does not exist. Marshall requires Yost and her interns, Lindsay, Cait, Ram, and Sean, to embark with him on the aquarium's boat as Marshal intends to catch the shark before it is discovered and put in a new aquarium exhibit. They are successful in luring the shark to their location, although Sean is knocked overboard and eaten. They return to the mainland and report Sean's death to Capt. Sterling and Deputy Black, who debate closing the beaches.  The shark sinks a small fishing boat and feeds on the fishermen, then finds some divers and quickly makes a meal of them. Meanwhile, Marshall has convinced Dr. Yost to contract a local fisherman experienced in shark hunting named Red (an old flame of Yost's) to help them catch the shark. Red agrees to Marshall's offer of double pay, and the three of them set sail along with Lindsay, Ram, and Cait. They lure the shark to the bay using sonar, and an officer is eaten. The shark then knocks Lindsay off Red's boat and eats her. Red shoots the shark with a sonar harpoon, and it flees. The shark mutates— its tail grows a mouth and becomes a fifth head. Red returns to shore, and they meet up with Sterling and Black.  At Playa Aviones, a surfing competition is about to start. The 5-headed shark appears and eats several surfers, injuring others. Red and Yost's crew, along with the police, go to the beach and resolve to use recorded dolphin calls to scare the shark to a specific area and then use dynamite to kill the shark. Captain Sterling and Black follow Red's boat out to sea on their own police boat. Red and Yost are able to attract the shark and use the dolphin recordings, which causes it to attack the police boat's propellers and eat Deputy Black. Red and Yost drop the dynamite in the chum-filled water, but the 5-headed shark does not eat it, and the single-headed shark instead swallows it, absorbing the blast. The shark feeds on the remains and then attacks the boat, knocking Cait off. Ram jumps in and saves her, and Marshall shoots the shark with a harpoon. The 5-headed shark turns away, and the rope attached to the harpoon wraps around Marshall's foot and pulls him into the water, where the shark eats him.  Needing rescue, they radio for an airlift. The helicopter arrives shortly after, but the 5-headed shark bursts from the water and destroys the transport before it can reach the boat. The helicopter sinks after crashing into the sea and takes the shark with it, pinning it to the seabed temporarily. Red grabs several depth charges he has stored in his boat along with a massive fishing hook, which he fastens to the depth charges. When the shark manages to free itself, it attacks the boat, but Red jumps overboard with the hook and explosives and stabs the hook into the back of the shark. The 5-headed shark swims away from the ship and is blown up offscreen. Red emerges from the water, and Yost helps him up. The four survivors rejoice.
A misfit group of New Mexico cowboys find themselves on the journey of a lifetime when their undersized thoroughbred racehorse qualifies for the Kentucky Derby. Based on the inspiring true story of Mine That Bird, the cowboys face a series of mishaps on their way to Churchill Downs, becoming the ultimate underdogs in a final showdown with the world's racing elite.  Mine That Bird pulls off a monumental upset (at 50-to-1 odds) by winning the 2009 Kentucky Derby.
Mild-mannered Adam Lerner is a 27-year-old public radio journalist in Seattle. His best friend Kyle, who is rather crude, disapproves of his girlfriend Rachael, an artist. After experiencing severe pains in his back, Adam is diagnosed with schwannoma neurofibrosarcoma, a cancerous tumor in his spine, and must undergo chemotherapy. He sees on the Internet that the survival rate for his diagnosis is 50/50. After Adam reveals this, his emotional mother, Diane, who nurses her Alzheimer's-stricken husband Richard, offers to care for him, but Adam declines as Rachael has already promised to do so.  At one of his treatments, Adam meets Mitch and Alan, two older cancer patients also undergoing chemo, and they become friends, bonding through cannabis-laced macaroons. Rachael is uncomfortable during his treatments and is often late picking him up. She also gets him a retired racing greyhound named Skeletor as a pet. Throughout Adam's struggle, Kyle attempts to keep up his morale, helping Adam shave his head and using his friend's illness to pick up women. While on a date, Kyle sees Rachael kissing another man at a gallery and later forces her to confess her infidelity to Adam, who breaks up with her. He follows Kyle's suggestion, and they use his illness to pick up two women at a bar.  Meanwhile, Adam is being treated by a young, inexperienced therapist, Katherine McKay, a Ph.D. candidate doing the clinical aspect of her thesis at the hospital. While their relationship and sessions begin unevenly, he slowly opens up to her. After she drives him home following a chemo session, they develop a rapport, blurring their professional and personal relationship. She helps Adam understand his mother's situation: loved ones can feel just as much stress as the patient, which helps Adam repair the rift between him and his mother.  When Mitch dies, Adam's mortality hits him, causing him to lash out at Katherine verbally, and shortly after, he is informed that he needs to undergo a risky surgery. The night before the operation, Adam argues with an intoxicated Kyle, demanding that he let him drive his car even though he has never learned and has no driver's license. After a near miss, Adam breaks down and accuses Kyle of being more concerned with using the cancer for his own gain than taking his condition seriously. Adam then calls Katherine and tells her he wishes she was his girlfriend, but he also says he is tired of being sick and just wants his cancer to be over. That night, dropping off Kyle (who was too drunk to drive), Adam finds the book Facing Cancer Together from their trip to a bookstore, where Kyle picked up a shop clerk. The book is filled with notes, highlighted paragraphs, and turned-down pages. He realizes that Kyle sincerely cares about him and has earnestly tried to help him since his diagnosis.  The next day, Kyle drops Adam off at the hospital, where Adam embraces him for being a good friend and apologizes for the previous night. After saying his tearful farewells to his family, he undergoes surgery. Katherine goes to the waiting room and inadvertently meets Adam's parents and Kyle during the wait. After the surgery, they are told that although the bone degradation was worse than they believed, the surgeons removed the tumor successfully, and Adam will recover. Sometime later, he prepares for a date with Katherine while Kyle encourages him and bandages the incision on his back. After Kyle leaves, Katherine asks, "Now what?" and Adam smiles, finally free of cancer.
Political and public pressure coerces the government into allowing two well-known reporters and their assistants limited access to the ultra-secretive Area 51. The group consists of 20-year news veteran Sam Whitaker (John Shea); his camera-woman Mindy (Lena Clark); Claire Fallon (Vanessa Branch), an ambitious writer, journalist, and head of an acclaimed news blog called The Fact Zone; and her cameraman Kevin (Damon Lipari). The four tour the base and things go well for a while, but when one of the base's "occupants" attempts to liberate both himself and those of his fellow species, Area 51 changes from being a secured government facility to a place of horror.
Katie prepares a surprise birthday party for her boyfriend Jack on the 4th of July. While setting up the decorations, she exhibits Type-A quirks and consistently attempts to keep things on schedule. As her parents, Gayle and Gary, and her friends continue to set up, Katie leaves to pick up the cake and makes a stop to pick up her brother Seth and his young daughter Ella. Throughout the film, Katie has hallucinations of Seth and her drowning as the car inexplicably fills with water; meanwhile, an audio book narrator reads from a story where a woman fails to properly sail a boat and drowns as a result.  Katie sees piles of unopened mail inside Seth's apartment, leading her to suspect that Seth has relapsed in his heroin addiction. She drives around town trying to find a detox center as his previous one denies his health insurance. After sending Seth to a downtown detox center in a taxi and returning to the party with a sleeping Ella, Katie receives a call that Seth is unable to be admitted. She finds him in a sickly state and continues to search for a center throughout the Los Angeles area, missing Jack's arrival to the surprise party. Seth pleads with Katie to buy heroin for him for pain relief, and she gets it in a homeless area near Skid Row, packaged inside six small balloons. Returning to the car, Seth asks her to go back and buy a needle from a man living under a tarp. Katie refuses so they all head to a nearby drug store.  At the drug store, the pharmacist realizes that Seth is a heroin user and gives Katie the key to the bathroom where she changes Ella's diaper. Seth prepares his injection in a vacant stall as Katie pleads with him to not use very much. He becomes revitalized and the three depart. Before leaving, Seth hands Katie the key to the bathroom and laughs about her having to take it back to the now closed pharmacy. Katie argues with the pharmacist, throwing the bathroom key at the pharmacy door, which sets off the alarm, causing her to run back to the car and drive off. On their way back to the party, she reminisces with Seth about their childhood and they stop by the bakery to get the cake. In the car, Seth promises his latest injection is his final use of heroin.  Back at the party, Katie's parents and Jack realize Seth is under the influence, given his obnoxious and giddy behavior. They confront Katie over the night's events and she assumes guilt. Seth leaves Ella in the backyard while he leaves to use; Ella begins to look for him throughout the house. Katie finds Seth injecting again in her car. She tells him that she will no longer take care of him, insisting that the only way for him to kick his addiction for good is to check-in to rehabilitation without her help.  Katie, no longer burdened by Seth or the hallucinations, steps out of the car onto the street and admires the night sky filled with fireworks.
Four years after witnessing the horrors of a brutal regime in the fictional Central Asian nation of Turgistan, American billionaire and philanthropist Magnet S. Johnson, who made his fortunes from inventing neodymium magnets, fakes his own death to form an anonymous vigilante squad to take down criminals and terrorists which the world as a whole either cannot or will not pursue. Known as One, he recruits five others to abandon their pasts and join his cause, each given a numbered nickname similar to his own: Two, a spy; Three, a hitman; Four, a parkour runner and thief; Five, a doctor; and Six, a driver. They refer to themselves collectively as ghosts.  On their first mission in Florence, Italy, the team interrogates the lawyer of Turgistan's four highest-ranking generals for information on those generals before driving across the city in a dayglow green Alfa Romeo Giulia Quadrifoglio while chased by the Mafia and the Italian police. Six is killed just as they get away.  Days later, One recruits Blaine, a former sniper from Delta Force suffering from survivor guilt as he was ordered not to save his team in Afghanistan. He is convinced to fake his suicide and is renamed Seven. One plans to stage a coup d'état to topple the government of Turgistan dictator Rovach Alimov and install Alimov's imprisoned brother, Murata staunch supporter of democracyas the country's new leader. It is revealed that in the past, then–CIA spy Two had reluctantly captured Murat and handed him back to Rovach.  The ghosts assassinate Rovach's generals in Las Vegas, learn of Murat's location, and successfully extract Murat from his penthouse imprisonment in Hong Kong. During the extraction, Four is caught by one of Rovach's men, who begins severely beating him. Seven is unwilling to subscribe to One's philosophy that "the mission always comes first," instead following his personal philosophy to never leave a teammate behind. Ignoring One's protests, Seven manages to save Four. Afterward, Seven convinces all but One to reveal their real names.  In Turgistan, One sets his plan in motion by hacking the state-run television station during Rovach's public address to the nation and giving Murat the platform he needs to spread his message of democracy. Murat's impromptu speech inspires a citizen revolt, and strategic explosions in the city force Rovach to evacuate to his private yacht. The ghosts storm the yacht and One activates a magnetic pulse invention to incapacitate the guards. When the yacht is immobilized in the middle of the ocean and Four is once again in mortal danger, One chooses to save Four instead of capturing Rovach. Rovach flees by helicopter only to discover it to be commandeered by Murat and the ghosts, who drop him helpless in a refugee camp where he is beaten to death by an angry mob.  In the aftermath of the revolution, Murat becomes Turgistan's new president and the ghosts part ways until their next mission is determined. Two and Three begin a relationship. Four and Five go climbing together. One and Seven travel to New York City. Seven tosses his gun into a nearby river, but keeps the last remaining bullet, and One watches from a distance as the woman he loved before his faked death plays with her young son, who is implied to be One's son as well.
A young couple, Melanie Clark and Daniel Mercer, experience joyful moments in their relationship, including having passionate sex. After a house party one night, Mel drives to Dan's house drunk. Berating her for being reckless, Dan tries to force Mel to stay the night. Mel reacts angrily and pushes him into a dresser, causing Dan to sustain a head wound. At the emergency room, Dan lies about how he got the injury, covering for Mel.  Dan interns at Austin-based record label Topo Records. His co-worker Amanda notices his injury; she points out how different the situation would look if it had happened to Mel and not him. Mel starts a job as a teaching assistant to Ms. Anders at an elementary school. One night, her friends ask how she and Dan keep things fresh, and Jessica suggests they should watch pornography. Dan later catches Mel watching a porn film.  The next day, they go for lunch with Dan's mother Joanne. Before Mel arrives, Joanne tells Dan that she and his dad will pay his rent if he chooses to move to New York City. A few nights later, Mel and Dan go to a pool party thrown by Mark. After Mel leaves, Dan kisses Amanda on an impulse. He apologizes, and they agree it is best to stay friends.  The next morning, Dan goes to Mel's house and she notices his odd behavior. He denies there's anything wrong. That night, Mel borrows Dan's phone at a party and sees a text from Amanda talking about their kiss. They break out into a physical fight, and, in an attempt to subdue Mel's lashing out, Dan holds her to the ground. The police show up and misunderstand the situation because Mel stays silent when Dan asks her to explain the situation to them. When she refuses to do so, the police arrest him. Dan is released the next morning, but refuses to speak to Mel.  Jason and Mark offer Dan a job at Topo Records' new office in Brooklyn. To celebrate, he goes to a bar with Amanda. She apologizes for sending him the text, and Dan informs her that he and Mel are on a break. Meanwhile, Mel attends a party with her friends, where she meets Will. After becoming intoxicated, Jessica and Will take her home. Jessica goes back to the party, but Will stays behind and attempts to rape Mel while she is semiconscious; she pushes him off and he leaves.  Mel tells Dan about Will and tearfully asks him to hold her. The two then go to Houston to help Mel's mother move out of her childhood home. While there, Dan visits his mom, who encourages him to go to New York. Later, Dan tells Mel about his job offer and she accuses him of only thinking of himself. He, in turn, calls her needy and Mel orders him to leave. Mel then worries that she has messed the relationship up for good. Her roommate Becca suggests that she should sleep on it and give Dan time to cool off.  Back at Dan's house, he and Amanda have sex. The next morning, Mel arrives to apologize and catches Amanda leaving. In the ensuing argument, Mel throws a glass across the room and Dan throws a punch at her, but diverts in the end thinking better of it, causing him to slam his hand into the wall. She pushes Dan into the broken shards, injuring his foot. At the hospital, Dan tells Mel he's sorry and that he no longer wants to go to New York and wants to stay with her.  Mel tells Dan that she thinks he should take the job and move to New York.  Dan rejects that suggestion and says he wants to stay.  Mel tells Dan that she loves him but it doesn't feel right.  Dan tells Mel that he doesn't want to break up but she then asks Dan to look her in the eyes and tell her that he loves her and wants to spend the rest of his life with her. Dan is unable to and instead says he's sorry.  Mel says okay and with that, reality starts to set in that their 6 year relationship is finished.
Chip is a timid sewer worker who is at the beck and call of his bombshell girlfriend. Liza is unhappy with her life as a prostitute and she is repeatedly abusive towards Chip in their relationship, but he is convinced that he is in love with her. One day, Liza's landlord and steady client, Ken Mckenzie, shows her a safe that contains $68,000. She convinces Chip to steal the $68,000 with her. The two sneak into the Mckenzies' house, armed and masked. Chip's apprehension of the mission is increased when he sees Liza kill the Mckenzies, who witnessed the two burglars in the house. During their heist, a young woman named Violet sees Chip with the Mckenzies' bodies and flees. Liza knocks Violet out cold and plans to sell her to her brother Dwayne, who will presumably torture and kill Violet.  Disgusted by Liza's plan, Chip knocks out Liza when she goes to get Violet from the trunk of their car. He shoots at a bypasser who tries to intervene in the situation; when Dwayne emerges from the building waving a machete, Chip shoots him in the shoulder. He then drives away with the money. Liza regains consciousness and chases after Chip, getting him to pull over. She tells him that she forgives him as long as he stays with her, but then loses consciousness again on the side of the road. Chip leaves her there and keeps driving away, until he hears Violet's voice from the trunk and remembers his hostage. When he goes to release her, she subdues him and holds him at gunpoint. With no other option, he decides to take Violet with him to flee with the money. Both are attracted to the other, as they bond over music and jokes in the car. On their trip, a police officer pulls them over, but Violet manages to talk their way out of the policeman inspecting the car further. Chip is impressed at her quick thinking, and the two further bond.  They take a stop at a gas station, where the clerk, Monica, sees Chip pull out a $100 bill from the envelope of the stolen money. She convinces him to give her more money for her to keep quiet, but Violet steps in and refuses for Chip. The two spend the night at a nearby hotel, where Violet tearfully explains that she was at the Mckenzies' that night because Mckenzie was forcing her to have sex with him for money. The two make love that night, seemingly safe.  The morning after, Chip wakes up to find his gun, money, and clothes stolen. Frantic, he is mad at himself for letting his guard down around Violet, who he assumes stole his possessions. He discovers her dead body in the bathtub of the room, horrified. Chip asks the man working at the hotel to use his phone to call Liza, since he thinks she is the one behind Violet's murder. The man working tells Chip a description of one of the people at his room the night before, which Chip connects to the gas station worker, Monica. Chip reluctantly incapacitates the man, finds some clothes from the lost-and-found, and steals his car. He goes to the gas station, where the employee working tells Chip where Monica is, with Chip reluctantly giving her cunnilingus in return.  When Chip arrives at the house, it is revealed he has been set up, as the employee was a friend of Monica's. He is taken inside, where one of the men in the house holds him at gunpoint. Chip tries to escape, but is knocked unconscious. Monica explains how and why she robbed Chip and framed him for Violet's death, even though her plan has many faults in it. Monica's group beats Chip while taking drugs that they bought with the stolen money. Chip eventually loses consciousness and has a vision of Violet, who tells him to wake up. When he does, he finds Liza is there, with a gun pointed at his face. Monica and one of her cohorts come out from the bedroom, and threaten Liza. Suddenly, Liza's brother (Dwayne) enters the room, and kills almost all of Monica's gang. With Liza and her brother now in control of the situation, Dwayne orders the two surviving members of Monica's gang (Monica and another woman) into the bedroom, where he rapes and kills one of them, leaving Monica as the only survivor from her original gang. Liza tells Chip that all is forgiven, as long as he still acts as her dog. He refuses, shoots and kills her, then goes into the bedroom to kill Dwayne. Monica thanks Chip for saving her from Dwayne "the pervert", and tells him that she will do anything that he wants her to do. He informs her that he wants her to bring the deceased Violet back to life, and then shoots and kills her (to avenge Monica's murdering of Violet in the first place.) Chip stages the scene to erase his presence at the house, takes the money, and escapes as the cops are driving to the direction of the house. On the side of the road, Chip spots a beautiful but provocatively tattooed woman with her car broken down. He considers picking her up, but ultimately speeds far away from her, content with his independence and the money.
The film is framed as a fictitious HBO Sports documentary incorporating BBC footage. It explores the backgrounds of the competitors Aaron Williams (Andy Samberg) and Charles Poole (Kit Harington), two professional tennis players who face off in what becomes the longest match in history.  Aaron Williams is considered "The Bad Boy of Tennis." He is an American orphan who was found on the streets and adopted by Richard Williams, who raised Aaron with his daughters, Venus and Serena Williams. At the 1996 Wimbledon Men's Singles Final, his serve hits a line judge, who has an immediate heart attack and dies. Williams falters and loses the match. At the ceremony following the match, Williams pushes Prince Edward (Howie Mandel), and disappears.  Charles Poole is a British child prodigy, forced into a tennis career by his domineering mother (Mary Steenburgen), who threatens to disown him if he loses. He appears on a sports talk show hosted by Caspian Wint (Michael Sheen) as a 15 year old and is on track to become the youngest professional tennis player in history. He tells Wint that he idolizes Aaron Williams.  Williams resurfaces in Sweden creating a male underwear line, but the line is discontinued when it is found to cause groin chafing and infertility. When Williams runs out of funds, he descends into pornography and an addiction to PCP. He is arrested, convicted, and is sent to a Swedish prison.  Two weeks before the 2001 Wimbledon Championships starts, Poole is asked by a reporter if he is a better player than Williams, he says yes. This comment reaches Williams, who escapes prison and becomes a free man, according to Swedish law.  Williams claims he will be playing in Wimbledon. The All-England Chair Committee, led by the Duke of Kent, refuses to let him play. Edward Pudding (Fred Armisen), also a member of the committee, believes that letting Williams play will spike interest for the tournament, and he suggests that Williams play an Englishman who is likely to beat him, which turns out to be Poole.  The night before the match, Poole receives a call from Queen Elizabeth II (June Squibb), who tells him to "win."  On the first day of the match, Poole wins the first set 6–0. Before the second set starts, a thunderstorm suspends play for the rest of the day.  On the second day, a revitalized Williams takes the second and third sets under the influence of cocaine. That night, Poole gets another call from the Queen. She drunkenly shouts expletives, accuses him of embarrassing England and bribes him with a knighthood if he wins.  On the third day, neither Williams and Poole are willing to surrender the match. After eight hours of intense tennis, the match is suspended.  On the fourth day, a female streaker (Lyssa Roberts) runs onto the court. Williams tries to subdue her, but ends up having sex with her. After they finish, a male streaker (Chris Romano) runs onto the court, with whom Williams also has sex. The female streaker runs back onto the court, and a threesome takes place until the match is suspended on account of darkness.  Before the fifth day, Williams arranges a press conference to announce he has located his birth father, British singer Engelbert Humperdinck. He claims he will dedicate his performance at Wimbledon to all Englishmen. After darkness again suspends the match, Poole is physically attacked in an elevator by the Queen.  Before the sixth day, Williams is hit by a truck, which is implied to be driven by Poole. Williams leaves the hospital and elects to play with one arm. In the 196th game, with Poole serving 98-97 and triple match point, illusionist David Copperfield magically appears on Poole's shoulders. Copperfield later claims he was supposed to appear on the Statue of Liberty. Poole, visibly distracted, fails to win the match in the sixth day.  Before the seventh day, Poole and Williams meet at a joint press conference. Williams reveals that a sex tape of himself and Poole's ex-girlfriend Lily has been leaked, enraging Poole. Poole attacks Williams and removes his wig, revealing Williams's bald scalp.  The two elect to settle their matters on the court. Queen Elizabeth makes an appearance at the match, and the two players challenge each other to fight. Although the judges try to separate them, the Queen orders that they be released and allowed to fight. Poole and Williams charge the net and kill each other after simultaneously hitting one another in the head with their rackets. The two are buried together in the same coffin. The documentary ends with video flashbacks of Poole and Williams praising each other.
Hollywood big shots bet on anything in "sin city".  Duke is a washed up former actor still living in LA. He runs a local poker game with a variety of characters. One day a director Sebastion joins the game and quickly becomes the best player. While Sebastion is a stereotypical douchebag Hollywood director he has access to the people with more money willing to play and Duke partners up with Sebastion to make more and more money.  The guys have side bets on everything from can you make a paper ball into trash can for $500 to can the little person blindfolded on the roof jump into the pool safely. (Spoiler...he makes it).  The game grows bigger and bigger and Sebastions true colors start to show more and more. He always has an angle and if you make a prop bet with him you can be sure he’s rigged the odds in his favor. Sebastion doesn’t need the money it’s all about winning for him. For Duke this is his only source of income and he steadily saves wads of cash buried in his yard until he’s saved up over $1,000,000.  Through a Ponzi scheme run by Sebastions friend Duke loses everything and Sebastion brags he never invested a dime with the guy.  This is when Duke has had enough and decided to put in motion a series of events that ends with a bet on Duke walking to Las Vegas in 7 days 280 miles with pages of rules and stipulations.  Duke gets $1,000,000 and puts it up against Sebastions $5,000,000 that Duke can do it.  The guys pile in an RV and follow Duke on his 7 day journey filled with prop bets along the way.  There are plenty of double crosses and things are never what they seem and in the end everyone gets what they deserve... or do they??
Three friends, Sam (Luke Mitchell), Mike (Jason Ritter) and Owen (Zane Holtz), are forced to commit a brazen robbery. What begins as a simple plan - 'in and out in seven minutes' - quickly becomes a dangerous game of life and death as complications arise. As each minute of the robbery unfolds, the stakes are pushed higher and higher. In the final act, Sam's pregnant girlfriend Kate is kidnapped, escalating the situation even further and pressing the trio to do whatever they can to make it out alive.
A detective investigates a murder, only to find that the victim is himself. Soon, he discovers multiple versions of himself, not all of them friendly.  Darius Lefaux is a gumshoe detective. His career is in shambles, his romantic life is comically void, and his only real human connection a cantankerous old woman who lives next door. One day a murder comes in, and Darius is summoned to view the body. But there’s something very strange about this one. The body is ... him. The body is identical to Darius's.  Memories begin to haunt Darius, fragments of events that don't make sense. As the plot thickens, more duplicates of Darius emerge. One version is trying to kill him. In a race against the clock, Darius sets out to find this other self before it finds him.  Meanwhile, John Luka—an old ally of Darius and an eccentric, out-of-work juggler—learns that his friend may be in trouble. We learn that Luka was involved in a time travel experiment run amok, left scarred and destitute by the ordeal. Re-invigorated by the chance to help his friend, he sets out in search of Fyodor Wax, the father of the experiment, hoping Fyodor will lead him to his "brother Darius" before it’s too late.  As Darius chips away at the case of his multiple selves, he is reunited with Alise, a beautiful woman from his past. A long-buried, yet troubled, romance is reignited. More memories surface—from a life they once had together, a life interrupted by an accident on a desert road ten years ago. When Luka finds Darius, the two men learn more about their shrouded past and the scientific experiment that links their existence, and it's suddenly clear what has to be done.  Darius and Luka journey to a secret site called "Omphalos," where they hope to put a stop to the disastrous experiment that may be at the root of their troubles. But the road to "Omphalos" isn't quite as it seems. The journey outward becomes a journey inward.
European Airways pilots Captain Michael Lutzmann (Carlo Kitzlinger) and First Officer Tobias Ellis (Joseph Gordon-Levitt) are preparing for a flight aboard an A319 from Berlin to Paris. Tobias talks to one of the flight attendants, who happens to be his girlfriend, Gökce (Aylin Tezel). Lutzmann re-enters the cockpit and they begin their pre-flight checks.  Once airborne, one of the flight attendants, Nathalie, begins bringing the pilots their in-flight meals, giving terrorists an opportunity to attempt a hijack by forcing their way into the cockpit. Killing Nathalie in the process, two terrorists, Kinan (Murathan Muslu) and Vedat (Omid Memar) successfully enter the cockpit and attack the pilots. Tobias fights Vedat off and manages to close the door, leaving Kinan in the cockpit. Lutzmann is stabbed and mortally wounded by Kinan as he broadcasts a mayday call. Tobias manages to subdue Kinan by slamming him in the head with a fire extinguisher, surviving the attack, but his left arm is badly wounded in the process. Tobias signals air traffic control using the radio transponder code 7500 (the emergency transponder squawk for a hijacking). The flight is diverted to Hannover, which is the closest place to land safely.  Tobias restrains Kinan and straps him in the jump seat.  The remaining hijackers continuously attempt to break into the cockpit while Tobias alerts air traffic control of the events that have transpired. Tobias is reminded by control that he is not permitted to open the cockpit door despite threats by the hijackers to harm or even kill hostages. Lutzmann eventually succumbs to his wounds and Tobias unsuccessfully tries to revive him. Inside the cockpit, Tobias watches a camera feed monitor of the entrance to the cockpit, which reveals that a passenger has been taken hostage by Daniel, one of the hijackers. Daniel begins threatening to kill the hostage unless Tobias opens the door. Tobias pleads with Vedat on the interphone, telling him that the cockpit door cannot be opened, but Daniel executes the passenger anyway.  Daniel returns with another hostage; this time, it is Gökce. Tobias pleads with them to spare her life, and even attempts to summon the passengers to her rescue by informing them that the hijackers are poorly armed with only glass knives and no firearms. He pleads with Vedat to intervene but to no avail; Gökce is killed as he watches helplessly.  Tobias resumes piloting the plane. Unbeknownst to him, Kinan manages to escape from his restraints and knocks Tobias unconscious. He opens the door to allow Vedat inside the cockpit, who has escaped the passengers attacking the remaining hijackers in the cabin. Vedat manages to close the door and he ties up Tobias as Kinan takes control of the plane. It becomes clear that he intends to crash the plane, but Vedat suffers a crisis of conscience. Fearing death, he kills Kinan and frees Tobias, who retakes control of the plane.  Tobias continues preparations to land at Hannover, but Vedat demands they fly somewhere else. He eventually relents after Tobias explains the plane is low on fuel and has to land, and helps the injured Tobias land the plane in Hannover. After they land, the passengers and remaining crew evacuate while a police hostage negotiator begins communicating to the cockpit via radio. Vedat demands fuel during negotiations, becoming emotionally unstable as he is faced with the outcome of his actions. The hijacker is briefly calmed and distracted when his mother calls him on his cellphone, and he cries to her that he just wants to go home. After the call, he becomes aggravated, as Tobias pleads with the young man to surrender. Eventually, Vedat grows more aggressive and threatens to kill Tobias, but he is shot by a German police sniper and is incapacitated.  The police enter the cockpit as Tobias tries to save Vedat, and he pleads for the police to summon a doctor for Vedat. As Tobias and Vedat are escorted from the plane, Tobias’ gaze drifts to Gökce's body, still lying outside the cockpit.  In the silence of the evacuated plane, the film ends as Vedat's cellphone begins ringing again in the now empty cockpit.
A group of paranormal investigators enter the abandoned home of serial killer John Gacy, hoping to find evidence of paranormal activity. Upon entering the house they set up cameras throughout the abandoned house, while going room to room with hand-held cameras. They are performing séances and asking for John Gacy to come forward. As the evening progresses it seems the investigators are not prepared for the horror still within the house. In the end all hell breaks loose. Gary finds Mike's dead body in a room upstairs. Gary is dragged away, Franklin disappears and Robbie is chased through the house. After the rest of the cameras cut to static, an apparition of Gacy appears. Robbie is then taken and his camera cuts to static.
Frankie is a hard-drinking woman fresh out of a bad marriage. She wanders East Los Angeles looking for castoff furniture and clothing, which she sometimes sells for spending money. Otherwise, she hangs out with local musicians as an opportunity to meet people.  Lev is a limousine driver who dreams of making it in the music business. He meets Frankie in a dive bar and they hook up, quickly escalating to the point where she moves in with him. Lev also makes a musical connection with Charlie King Nash, a well-known roots-rocker who has hit a creative wall and welcomes the chance to make a new start.  Meantime, Lev and Frankie try to work through the ups and downs of a serious relationship and decide whether each is ready for it.
The film opens with a shot of the Lower Manhattan skyline on the early morning of September 11, 2001. Michael is a bicycle courier and wishes his young daughter a happy birthday before setting out on his delivery route. Metzie is getting coffee at a cafe before heading to the North Tower, where she works as an elevator dispatcher. At 8:00 AM, billionaire trader Jeffrey Cage and his wife, Eve, are meeting in the law offices of the North Tower to sign divorce papers. At 8:46 AM, Michael, Eve, and Jeffrey are descending in an elevator when American Airlines Flight 11 crashes into the 93rd-99th floors of the building, resulting in the elevator stopping around the 38th floor, and its electronic components to malfunction. Also in the elevator is Eddie, a maintenance man, and Tina, a woman who has come to the WTC to break up with her wealthy lover. They try to open the elevator doors to escape but are unable to do so due to a security locking system.  From the elevator dispatch center on the lower floors of the North Tower, Metzie communicates with the group over the elevator's public address system, telling them that their only hope is to force open the elevator door and send Eddie to the power room to rewire the elevator. The group inside the elevator begin to come up with plans to pry the door open. At first, they use their hands but it is stuck too tightly, then they try to open the emergency shaft above but it can only be opened from the outside.  Metzie informs the group that the firefighters are unable to reach the top floor and they must unbolt the locking mechanism to open the doors. Finally, they pry open the elevator door, Eddie is able to unlock the locking mechanism with a screwdriver, and break through a block of drywall into a janitor's room; only Eve gets out before the elevator lowers due to breaking cables, preventing the others from escaping via the hole. Jeffrey tells Eve that he loves her and promises to meet in the lobby before everyone in the elevator lies on their backs and brace for impact as the elevator begins falling. The elevator speeds down to the lobby level, but everyone survives with injuries. Eve finds a firefighter to help her open the elevator door and everyone gets out except Jeffrey, who is trapped in the elevator as it falls lower. The firefighter goes on top of the elevator, opens the emergency shaft, and reaches out to Jeffrey as the North Tower collapses.
The film concerns a 96-minute-long story of 4 main characters in one night and their tragic ending.  Lena wakes up next to her boyfriend. They talk briefly about where he is going and what he is doing for the day. Their conversation reveals that Lena doesn't trust her boyfriend. He leaves a few minutes later. Lena, left alone in the room, decides to check his cell phone and finds a message from another girl. Filled with anger, she throws the phone against a wall.  The movie goes on to Dre and Kevin. In the class, Dre receives a test from his teacher. Dre has got a passing grade, and his teacher tells him that he can graduate. Kevin appears to be a troubled 16-year-old kid. He grew up in an abusive family, which has turned him aggressive. He attempts to join a gang in the neighborhood. However, the gang leader JJ turns down his request. JJ offers him membership on the condition that he steals his daddy's car.  The movie moves to Karley talking to her father on the phone. She convinces him to attend her graduation. It seems that her father can't join her because he has a meeting in Tokyo which coincides with her graduation. When the call ends, Karley is seen upset.  Lena goes to school and sees her boyfriend hanging out with another girl. She quickly leaves and gets to her car. Instead of reversing the car, she drives it forward and hits a tree in front of her. Her friend comes and comforts her. They make plans for a girls' night out.  The time shifts to the present, where Kevin and Dre are driving in a car with Karley and Lena held in the back. Lena is injured and bleeding profusely. Karley pleads with her captors to take Lena to the hospital. Kevin tells Dre that they should let Lena die. Dre is upset at Kevin and blames him for shooting Lena. Kevin imputes his actions on Lena. Dre tells Kevin that he's an idiot for worsening the situation.  Karley uses Lena's blood to write "Help" on the car's window. Kevin spots this and scolds Karley. Dre stops at a gas station to grab some food. Kevin, annoyed by the shopkeeper's comment, shoots him dead.  A flashback shows how Kevin and Dre got the car. The two men spot Karley and Lena chatting in an alley where Karley's car is parked. Kevin thinks that by stealing the car, he will be able to join JJ's gang. He attacks both girls. When Lena fights back, Kevin shoots her. Dre and Kevin steal the car and force the two girls into the back.  The movie returns to the present. Dre stops the car in a tunnel and gets out. He considers killing both Karley and Lena but decides not to.  As Dre diverts his attention, Karley tries to escape, only to be shot by Kevin. Kevin and Dre get back in the car and drive away, leaving both Karley and Lena for dead.  The wounded Karley manages to reach the main road, where she is spotted by Dre's uncle Duane and admitted to the hospital. It has been about 96 minutes since Karley and Lena left the restaurant. Unfortunately for Lena, she is left alone in the tunnel and dies.  A few days later, Dre gets arrested, while Kevin commits suicide. Karley visits the jail to talk to Dre. As their meeting ends, she decides that she can't forgive him for his actions.
Recently unemployed single father Dennis Nash, a former construction worker in Orlando, Florida, is evicted together with his mother Lynn, a hairdresser, and young son Connor from the foreclosed home they share. Real estate operator Rick Carver is in charge of the eviction, and police officers who provide the enforcement call him "boss".  Dennis and his family move into a shabby, cramped motel room. Dennis goes to Rick's office and tries to take back his tools stolen by Rick's men. Rick sees the confrontation and is impressed by Dennis' gumption. He offers Dennis work as a repairman at his properties and Dennis accepts. Dennis soon becomes Rick's assistant,  helping to carry out evictions himself and quickly learning the real estate schemes that exploit government and banking rules to the disadvantage of struggling homeowners. It is revealed that Rick and Dennis have similar backgrounds and having seen how his father worked hard for no reward and seeing how stacked the system is against the common man, Rick reasons it's better to be the hunter rather than the hunted. Dennis takes a cut for the work he is performing for Rick and dips into the glamorous lifestyle in which Rick indulges. On his rounds he encounters the father of his son's best friend, but the man turned hostile toward Dennis when he saw him become part of Rick's eviction business. He says the eviction is illegal and will fight it in court.  Almost as soon as he begins working for Rick, Dennis tells Rick to keep the checks Rick offers as payment, so that he can buy back the house from which he was evicted. Rick warns him not to get sentimental about real estate and tells him to keep his money for now, since it is not enough to buy the house back. However, they make a deal with Rick to buy back his family's old house, but the legal process prevents them from moving in immediately. Nonetheless, he surprises his mother and son, showing them the house and telling them they will move back in.  Meanwhile, an evicted homeowner living in the same motel as Dennis and his family recognizes and threatens him. He denies knowing the man, but his mother and son are suspicious of how he's making money. Having witnessed the malicious calls Rick often gets, he decides to move out of the motel room immediately by selling the family home and buying a much more luxurious home instead.  When Dennis brings his mother and son to the luxurious house and informs them he bought it and sold their old house so they could get out of the motel room immediately, his mother does not believe at first that he has bought the house. Then Dennis' mother is shocked by the loss of their long-time home and is repelled as she realizes Dennis got his new-found wealth by helping Rick victimize vulnerable homeowners who have financial problems. Connor is also unhappy with the arrangement and sides with his grandmother as they leave Dennis to stay with her brother.  Rick puts together a multimillion-dollar real estate deal, but it is jeopardized by a legal case brought by a homeowner (the father of Connor's best friend) he is trying to evict. The deal is set to collapse if the homeowner wins as he asserts there is not a full set of documents to evict him. Rick forges the document and entrusts Dennis to deliver it to the court, which puts him in a moral dilemma. Dennis eventually obeys Rick's order to deliver the missing document to court that defeats the homeowner's legal case. The subsequent eviction turns into an armed stand-off. Fearing that the man, whose family is also in the house, will likely be killed in a shoot-out, Dennis confesses to giving a forged document to the court. The homeowner surrenders, and Dennis is escorted to the law enforcement's car so that they can speak with Rick. As Dennis waits in the car, the homeowner's son smiles at him, then quickly runs away.
Amy Mitchell is now in a happy relationship with Jessie Harkness and plans to have a simple Christmas with her kids, Jane and Dylan, Jessie and his daughter. However, her plans are derailed as her overly critical mother, Ruth, texts to inform her she is coming to stay for Christmas. Meanwhile, Kiki Moore is still overworked with her four kids but now her husband Kent is much more helpful. Kiki is surprised when her mother Sandy shows up earlier than expected and for three weeks, overwhelming her. Carla Dunkler has her own issues as her mother, Isis, has arrived unexpectedly for the first time in years; despite Carla being happy to see Isis, she's well aware that she expects something out of it.  Amy, Kiki and Carla go to the mall and commiserate over the holidays. Complaining about the holiday pressure, they make a pact to "take Christmas back". Ruth tries to create a spectacle out of Christmas, rather than keeping it simple like Amy wants. Trying to tamp down those plans, Amy takes the family to Sky Zone instead of the Russian version of the Nutcracker, which Ruth had planned, to meet up with Kiki, Carla and their families. The grandmothers finally meet and chat, where Ruth admits that her mother abused her growing up.  At work, Carla meets erotic dancer Ty, who is in town competing in a Sexy Santa competition. He asks her to be his date, which she accepts enthusiastically. Kiki continues to have issues with her mother's overbearingness, so she brings Sandy to therapist, Dr. Karl, to discuss it, and they end up having a communication breakdown; Kiki scolds her and Sandy leaves the session.   Amy and Kiki join Carla, attending the Sexy Santa show. Everyone is impressed with Ty's dancing. To everyone's surprise, Isis gets up on the bar and starts dancing with him. Carla runs up to get Ty back, leading to Isis to fall off the bar and injure her head, and for Carla to cancel her date with Ty. When Isis is recovered, she asks for money for a new investment; although Carla knows she's just going to gamble it away and then disappear as always, she loans her the money.  On Christmas Eve, Sandy tells Kiki she bought the house next door to live closer to her. Finally, Kiki lashes out, telling her she can't as she needs some space. Sandy leaves the room crying. At the same time, Amy gets angry with Ruth when she discovers she has invited strangers to her home for an elaborate Christmas party, exactly what Amy told her not to do. Realizing Ruth is only going through with this to make herself relevant rather than be there for her grandkids, Amy and Ruth then get into a fight and accidentally knock down a Christmas Tree, ruining the house. Enraged, Amy yells at Ruth to get out of her life forever. Her kids, Jane and Dylan, witness this outburst and, fearing they'll be next, become upset with Amy. Meanwhile, Carla finds a goodbye note from Isis.  Ruth goes to church for Midnight Mass, joined by Sandy and Isis. They criticize each other for their efforts as mothers, pointing out each other's flaws. Amy's father Hank talks to her about her horrible fight with her mom, where he reveals that Ruth, while difficult to deal with at times, is actually incredibly insecure and has always worried whether or not she was doing a good job as a mother, but has good intentions and loves Amy unconditionally.  Amy goes to the church where Ruth is to repair their relationship. They apologize, confessing how much they genuinely love each other. Ruth tells Amy that she is a wonderful mother. They embrace tightly. As the clock strikes midnight, Amy realizes that she needs her mother to help her fix Christmas, so they rush home to decorate the house properly.  On Christmas morning, Jane and Dylan come downstairs to see that Ruth has returned, the relationship has been repaired and the house looks wonderful. Kiki makes up with Sandy, who tells her she put the neighboring house on the market and admits that she has always felt lonely on Christmas since Kiki's father died. Carla is then visited by Isis, who is serious about turning her life around and has a new job at Sky Zone, though she confused as to how she passed the drug test. Carla invites her to stay for awhile, and she accepts.  All the families get together for an unorthodox Christmas dinner. Amy, Kiki, and Carla applaud each other for doing what they set out to do; Ty, who has legitimately fallen in love with Carla, tracks her to Amy's house to start a relationship with her; Ruth, Sandy and Isis announce that they have become friends and are now planning to take a trip to Las Vegas to see Wayne Newton (something Kiki had demanded Sandy do).
Ben and Alan are great friends who have known each other since high school, and they haven't grown up. For a living, they pose as valets at funerals and then steal their customers' cars and sell them to a pessimistic car dealer. Melanie, Alan's sister, encourages them to find respectable occupations, but Ben and Alan don't take Mel's advice. Then, Lynette moves into their neighborhood. She is a single mother who is financially insecure and has a short temper, as Mel finds out. When Lynette commits suicide, Alan and Ben take her son Kelsey under their wing. With the help of an unenthusiastic Mel, who deems their idea crazy, they try to involve him within their car-theft scheme. However, they come to realize that Kelsey needs more suitable role models, and Ben and Alan will have to grow up.
In 1998, at the beginning of an episode of Mister Rogers' Neighborhood, Mr. Rogers displays a picture board with five doors. Three of the doors are opened to reveal the familiar faces of Lady Aberlin, King Friday, and Mr. McFeely. The fourth door is opened to reveal the face of Mr. Rogers' troubled new friend, Lloyd Vogel, who has a black eye and a cut near his nose. Mr. Rogers explains that Lloyd has been hurt (and not necessarily on his face), and he is struggling to forgive the one who hurt him. After explaining what forgiveness means, Mr. Rogers leaves to visit Lloyd.  Lloyd Vogel is an Esquire journalist known for his cynical writing. He is nervous to attend his sister Lorraine's third wedding because his estranged father, Jerry, against whom he has long held a grudge, is also attending. However, he attends with his wife Andrea and their newborn son, Gavin. During the reception, Lloyd is approached by Jerry, who notes his son’s new family. When Jerry makes a joke about Lloyd's deceased mother Lila -- whom he cheated on and abandoned when she was dying of cancer twenty years earlier -- this enrages Lloyd into punching his father and starting a chaotic brawl, in which he is punched against the wall by another guest, explaining the scar on his face.  Lloyd's editor, Ellen, assigns him to interview children's television presenter Fred Rogers for a 400-word article about heroes. Lloyd feels that the assignment is beneath him, but is informed that none of the other heroes were willing to talk to him. Still cynical, Lloyd questions whether Mister Rogers is "for real". Lloyd travels to the WQED studio in Pittsburgh to interview him. Rogers is dismissive of his fame and displays concern for Lloyd's nose injury. With coaxing, he relates some of the issues with his father, whose apology and attempt at reconciliation Lloyd has rebuffed. Rogers tells him his ways of dealing with anger, including striking the keys of a piano.  Determined to expose Rogers' friendly persona as an act, Lloyd watches several episodes of Rogers' show, but cannot discern anything. Interviewing Rogers again when he visits New York, seemingly dodging Lloyd's questions, he reminisces about raising his two sons. Fred takes out his puppets and asks Lloyd about his childhood rabbit stuffed animal and his father, provoking Lloyd into ending the interview.  Lloyd arrives home to find Jerry and his wife Dorothy having brought pizza  while talking with Andrea. They have a terse argument over Jerry’s absence during Lila’s cancer progression and his self-development since. As Lloyd relates how his mother suffered hysterically in her last moments with only him and his sister present, Jerry suffers a heart attack and is transported to the hospital.  Faced with his resurgent trauma at staying overnight at the hospital for Jerry, Lloyd decides to go to Pittsburgh to see Rogers for counsel under the guise of work against Andrea’s protests. Exhausted on arriving, he envisions himself as Rogers’ guest, being asked about hospitals. Next, he finds himself wearing rabbit ears and shrunken to the size of Daniel Striped Tiger and King Friday XIII, while Rogers and Andrea (as Lady Aberlin) tower over him. Finally, Lloyd also dreams about Lila, who gently recognizes his anger being for her memory, but assures him that she doesn’t need it. Lloyd awakens to find he collapsed on set.  Rogers and his wife, Joanne, bring Lloyd to their home to recuperate. The men later go to a restaurant, where Rogers asks Lloyd to spend one minute thinking about the people who "loved him into being", and encourages him to forgive Jerry.  Lloyd apologizes to Andrea for leaving her and Gavin at the hospital and visits Jerry and Dorothy at their home. He learns Jerry is dying of cardiac stenosis, and that is why Jerry attempted to reconnect with Lloyd. Lloyd forgives him, promises to be a better father, and writes an article about Rogers' impact on his life. Dorothy tells Lloyd that Jerry had never mentioned his previous marriage or children until recently, after he became ill.  Lorraine, her husband Todd, and Rogers visit Jerry. Rogers asks Jerry to pray for him before he departs. Jerry dies shortly after Rogers' visit and Lloyd's 10,000-word article, "Can You Say... Hero?" is published as Esquires cover story.  At his studio, Rogers finishes the episode he was earlier working on, opening the fifth and final door on his picture board, revealing a picture of Lloyd happily reunited with his family. As the production ends, Mr. Rogers plays the piano alone, stops, strikes the keys in frustration, and resumes playing.
R&B superstar Andre Stephens (Deitrick Haddon) is on top of the world.  He has success, fame, and fortune but spiritually he has lost his way.  However, his "perfect" life is shattered when his entourage is brutally attacked, leaving Andre and his best friend Chris Johnson (Robert Ri'chard) clinging to life.  On a spiritual journey that exists in a place that is neither on Earth nor in Heaven, Andre is given the opportunity to reevaluate his life and his faith. Andre realises he has a long way to go at church before being great.
Upon learning they only have a few days left to live, three brothers set off to reverse a lifetime of mistakes.
Two brothers, Dresden and Dominic, are aspiring actors that enter a horror film contest and make a found footage horror film, a fake snuff film. The film starts where Dominic and Dresden take auditions for an actress without giving them much clue as to the project. Here they decide on Jennifer to be the most suitable actress for the role. Instead of informing her and hiring her, they decide to kidnap her and record all moments to capture genuine footage. Dresden believes this to be the best for his entry to the contest and that he is doing this for Cinema.  The brothers kidnap Jennifer and then record various torture on her while failing to scare her. She realises that her captors are not professionals and tries to escape. Things turn for the worse for the two brothers when they discover that Jennifer has freed herself and now has a gun on them. They shortly discover that she is a psychopath and a murderer who kills Kenneth Kennedy.  Jennifer now ties and records the emotions of the brothers in her scary games. Towards the end she kills them both and then the complete film is shown to be released on Christmas Eve as she promised to make them famous.
Carlos Galindo is a gardener in Los Angeles working with his partner, Blasco. His son, Luis, studies at high school. Luis spends time with his girlfriend, who is affiliated with gang members. They pressure him to join them. On one occasion, Luis is suspended for assaulting a student.  Carlos' sister, Anita, lends $12,000 from the family's emergency fund for Carlos to buy Blasco's truck. It is later stolen by Santiago, whom Carlos hired. The next day, Carlos and Luis head to a South Central apartment complex, which is used as lodgings for undocumented immigrant workers. One man tells the two that Santiago works at a nightclub. Carlos and Luis head to the restaurant, which would open during the night. At the rodeo, Carlos mentions to Luis about his mother abandoning them.  Luis mentions that he dislikes Mexican music and culture. After finding Santiago at the nightclub, Carlos and Luis interrogate him in the parking lot. They learn that he has sold the truck to a black market garage and sent the money to his family in El Salvador. When Santiago pleads not guilty, Carlos defends him and Luis angrily leaves them. The next day, Carlos convinces Luis to go with him to the black market garage where the truck is.   They retrieve the truck but are stopped by the police. Carlos is arrested and incarcerated in the United States as an undocumented immigrant. Luis visits the detention center and reconciles with his father. After promising Luis that he will return, Carlos boards the deportation bus and is sent back to Mexico. Although Luis' friends are joining gangs, he rejects that life and goes to live with his aunt's family. In time (the period isn't given,) Carlos returns illegally to the United States to be with Luis, using a coyote to guide him and other migrants through the desert, knowing that, as a returning deportee, he'll face criminal charges if he's caught.
When a terminally ill patient leaves his nurse (Willa) $100,000 in his will, the family gets suspicious. Finn, the man's son, travels to Bramble, Oregon, to investigate. He meets Willa in the B&B where she and her son are spending Christmas. And nothing is what Finn had thought...A Bramble House Christmas on Hallmark Movies & Mysteries
The film takes place in the fictional upstate New York town of Checkford. It centers on The Bread Factory, a community arts center run by a married couple, Dorothea and Greta, as well as daily life in the surrounding town.  In the first part, a conceptual art duo, May Ray, arrive in town and begin staging flashy, highly produced but utterly vapid performances. They threaten to siphon away an arts grant on which The Bread Factory depends. Dorothea and Greta work to convince the town council not to reassign the funds.  The second part centers around a performance of Euripides' tragedy Hecuba at The Bread Factory.
Buddy Gilbert (Gavin Bellour) is a struggling musician living in NYC. He spends his days touring the northeast with his pet turtle, playing community centers, dive bars and coffee shops because, he says, it beats a 9-to-5.  One day, Buddy overhears his neighbor Susan (Elisabeth Moss) get in a particularly bad argument with her boyfriend and, although he barely knows her, he finds himself taking her out for some cheer-me-up ice cream.  When Buddy is leaving the following day for a tour, Susan asks if she can tag along, if for no other reason than to get out of the city a while.  Hesitant at first, Buddy obliges, and finds himself spending a week traveling around with someone who, just days before, was no more than "the girl on the other side of the wall".  From a rough biker bar to a 100-year-old birthday party and other odd stops along the way, record label rejections to family connections, Buddy and Susan make their way from NYC to Philadelphia's Main Line, and they come to realize that it's not the road's end that matters, but rather the road itself.
Sam, a young New York City author, is dissatisfied with his life. Although his novelization of the blockbuster film Teen Vampire is popular, he does not want to write the other novelizations despite encouragement from his agent, Alan. Sam suffers from writer's block with his own work. He becomes is infatuated with Birdie, a street artist and barista at the local coffee shop, but does not know how to meet her.  After his roommate, Eliot, suggests checking Birdie's Facebook profile, Sam decides to pretend that he shares the interests she lists on her profile. He begins to learn how to play the guitar and cook French cuisine, and buys books by Walt Whitman and songs by Joan Baez. After pretending to accidentally meet at a comedy club Birdie mentioned online the two become friends and partners at a ballroom-dance class, and Sam begins to write a novel based on their relationship.  To spend more time with her Sam pretends to share Birdie's other interests, including pedicures and bourbon. They begin to fall in love, and Birdie accompanies Sam, Eliot, and Eliot's girlfriend, Ashley, to a spiritual retreat where they sleep together for the first time. Although Sam enjoys spending time with Birdie he finds participating in her many interests to be difficult, and is intimidated by her skill in such areas as caricature, singing, and rock climbing.  After Birdie tells Sam that she loves him and mentions her parents' plan to attend their impending dance recital, an insecure Sam discourages her interest in him. At a pitch meeting, Alan and another agent praise Sam's novel as a superb portrayal of a pathetic "eunuch" who, after foolishly breaking up with his girlfriend, is doomed to remain alone. Realizing that he has made a mistake, Sam rushes to the recital where Birdie is about to perform with another partner. He states his love for her and confesses to using her Facebook profile to adjust his public persona. She tells him that she knew all the time, even adding items to see whether he would respond. She decides to let each other begin from where they left off and Sam decides to give his book a happy ending. They begin to dance together.
Discouraged with cards that life has dealt him, Hank (Jim Belushi) is a man whose circumstances have steered him to fear change, but his town is adhering less to traditional white man and wife partnerships of which he is comfortable.   After suffering a heart attack, Hank's life is saved by a transplant from a Puerto Rican drag queen. What will Hank do? Embrace a diverse society or continue to fear change? Tackling sensitive issues that need to be addressed in today's society, A Change of Heart is a feel-good movie that reminds us that even the most stubborn and hardened souls among us can still change and learn to let love in.
Wendy works as a busy assistant to the callous designer Priscilla, but has dreams of becoming an interior designer in her own right. After her friends encourage her to focus on herself, Wendy impulsively kisses a handsome stranger while they are trapped together in an elevator but neglects to learn his name. She is later reunited with the man, but is dismayed to learn that he is her boss's boyfriend Adam and that due to the sparkly makeup she was wearing, doesn't recognize her.  Wendy and Priscilla are hired to decorate Adam's house for an upcoming Christmas fundraiser. After learning about Adam and his grandmother, Wendy creates a theme centered upon Charles Dickens' 1843 novella A Christmas Carol,  as it was a book both enjoyed. Her credit is stolen by Priscilla after Adam dismisses the designer's original idea, portraying it as an alternate theme of hers. While working on the decorations Wendy quickly falls in love with Adam, who in turn realizes that he wants to break up with Priscilla due to their differing values.  Priscilla ends up firing Wendy after discovering that she stayed over at Adam's house watching movies, as the two had fallen asleep. She also plants a fake engagement announcement in the newspaper to undermine Adam's plans at breaking up. Priscilla later slips up and reveals that the design was actually Wendy's, which disgusts Adam. The two then go to the local theatre, where he breaks up with Priscilla after being reunited with Wendy. While she is initially reluctant to reconcile with Adam, Wendy and Adam become a couple and the film ends with them becoming engaged.
Just before Christmas, an aspiring young American magazine journalist, Amber Moore, is sent to the foreign nation of Aldovia to cover a press conference given by Prince Richard, who is set to take the throne following his father's recent death. Richard has been portrayed in the press as an irresponsible playboy, and he is also rumored to be planning to abdicate. Amber hopes her work in Aldovia will lead to a big break, and she heads to the royal family's palace for the press conference, but the prince fails to appear. Refusing to leave with the press pack, Amber decides to snoop around the palace and while doing so is mistaken for young Princess Emily's new American tutor, Martha Anderson. Amber plays along and assumes Martha's identity in order to investigate the rumors of abdication.  Emily, who has spina bifida, tries to prank Amber into quitting, but warms up to her after Amber treats her like a normal student rather than an invalid. As Emily's tutor, Amber meets the royal family, including Richard, who she realizes is the man she insulted earlier at the Aldovian airport after he stole the taxi she was about to get into. Amber becomes attracted to Richard after learning that contrary to rumors he is a compassionate and responsible man, though he is indeed reluctant to take the throne. During this time, Amber learns from Emily that Richard's scheming and jealous cousin Simon is next in line for the throne, which he sorely wants; Amber also encounters Richard's beautiful ex-girlfriend Sofia, who Richard suspects was only interested in him for his future title.  Emily learns the truth about Amber's identity, but agrees to keep it secret so long as Amber writes a story that exposes Prince Richard for the good man that he is. In pursuit of her story, Amber follows Richard on horseback through the woods, but her horse throws her off, and she is nearly attacked by a wolf, only to be saved by the prince. Richard takes Amber to his father's old hunting cabin, where he reveals that after he told his father he was going to renounce the throne, they had a fight and that the king died soon after. Richard then shows Amber a mysterious poem written by his father, and the two almost kiss but are interrupted by the sound of neighing horses.  After Richard leaves to check on the animals, Amber searches the late king's desk and discovers a hidden compartment holding documents proving that the Prince was secretly adopted; she hides the documents and takes them back to the palace.  Amber is reluctant to reveal the truth as it would deeply hurt Richard, but decides to tell him during a walk. Richard interrupts her confession with a kiss, and Amber realizes she is in love with him. At the same time, a suspicious Sofia and Simon search Amber's room and discover her true identity and Richard's adoption certificate. At the Christmas Eve Ball, as Richard prepares to be crowned, Sofia reveals his adoption certificate and Amber's true identity. Simon asserts himself as next in line for the throne as Richard storms off and rebuffs a repentant Amber's apologies, and she tearfully leaves the palace. Later, the queen reveals to Richard that she adopted him after being told she could not have children, and that she regretted not telling him sooner, but that she and the king considered him their true son. Richard forgives his mother for her deception and promises to not let Simon win the throne so easily.  Simon marries Sofia, but learns he cannot be crowned until the queen is available to preside over the ceremony. Meanwhile, Amber suspects that she can prove Richard is the rightful king based on clues from his father's poem. She is allowed back into the palace and, in a Christmas ornament made by the late king, finds a secret proclamation that declares Richard as the rightful heir. Amber takes the document to the official chamber where Simon is being crowned and arrives in time for Richard to be crowned instead; she quietly leaves Aldovia after the ceremony.  Back home, the magazine Amber works for refuses to publish her story on Richard, calling it a 'puff piece'. In anger, she quits the magazine, deciding to blog about the true Richard instead. Her blog becomes popular and eventually gains the attention of Richard himself. Amber is spending New Year's Eve at her father's New York City diner when Richard surprises her. He tells Amber that he is truly in love with her and proposes, which she happily accepts.
One year after the events of the last film, King Richard and Queen Amber of Aldovia are preparing to welcome their first child. During a press conference, the royal couple tell the public they do not know the gender of their baby and keep all possible names secret, even from their family. Richard’s previously villainous cousin, Simon, who is still trying to regain his family’s trust, reveals he invited Melissa, Amber’s close friend, to Aldovia for Christmas. Melissa tells Amber she and Simon are in love, much to Amber's surprise.  Amber and Richard prepare for the signing of a treaty which honours the peace found between Aldovia and their greatest ally, Penglia. On Christmas Eve 1419, both Prince Claude of Aldovia and the Penglian Prince Jun signed the treaty, ending an ongoing feud between them. It has been renewed every 100 years since. Amber is excited to be the first Aldovian queen to sign it, but she is told the Penglians will not permit this.  On 20 December, King Tai and Queen Ming of Penglia arrive in Aldovia. Amber tries to convince Ming the two of them should join their husbands in signing the treaty, but Ming refuses. Before the royals can sign the treaty, they discover it has been stolen. Since a blizzard has closed all airports, Amber and Richard deduce the treaty must still be in the palace, along with the thief. The palace staff  launch an investigation. Meanwhile, Richard’s sister, Princess Emily, learns about an ancient legend that states a deadly curse will befall the firstborn child of the monarchs responsible for breaking the treaty. She realises that would be Amber and Richard’s baby.  As Amber worries about the deadline for completing the tradition approaching, her dad, Rudy, convinces her to throw her baby shower despite the blizzard stopping the majority of the guests from getting there. With the help of Sahil and her old friend Andy, Amber enjoys a beautiful baby shower. Ming gifts her a handmade present, and Tai helps Richard build the baby's crib. He tells Richard he is more than willing to let Amber and Ming sign the treaty, but says that Ming is worried that by doing so, her country will think she seeks credit. At the shower, Ming and Tai's attaché, Lynn, bonds with Simon over their Oxford days together, which makes Melissa jealous.  As Christmas and the deadline for the signing of the treaty approach, Richard brings in a sniffer dog to locate the treaty. While the dog searches, the family visit Aldovia's Christmas market. The Penglians are impressed by how loved and respected Amber and Richard are by their people. Mr. Zabala reports that the dog’s search came out futile. Overwhelmed, Amber faints.  Back at the palace, Amber assures Richard she is fine, but he advises her to rest. Emily arrives and tells the couple about the legend. While Richard rebuffs it as superstitious nonsense, Amber is terrified and refuses to give up looking for the treaty. Melissa spies on Simon and Lynn and retrieves a discarded piece of paper Simon threw away. She shows Amber and Richard, and they are shocked to discover it is a detailed account of Aldovia's debt to Penglia over the years. While Aldovia's latest economic scheme has reduced it drastically, the kingdom still owes its allies $1 billion and, if the treaty is not found, Aldovia would owe it immediately. Amber pleads with Melissa to make sure Simon doesn’t suspect anything and, despite being heartbroken and feeling betrayed, she agrees.  Just then, Amber goes into labor. Richard summons Dr. Magoro to the palace, but the doctor's car becomes stuck in a snow bank. Richard sets out on horseback to rescue her. Queen Ming, who worked at a maternity hospital, and Melissa guide Amber through her contractions. Amber realizes something, and instructs Emily to search the castle dungeons with her mother, Queen Helena. While searching, the pair are trapped in a cell. Richard finds Dr Magoro, and they hurry back to the palace. Trying to escape, Emily and her mother find the missing treaty hidden under a stone. Using her hair clip, Helena frees them both.  With the treaty found, the kings prepare to sign. Ming decides she wants to add her name to the treaty as well, much to the delight of Amber. At 11:59 pm on 24 December 2019, King Richard, King Tai, Queen Ming and Queen Amber sign the treaty. Amber reveals the culprit behind the treaty’s disappearance: Mr Little. She discovered that Mr Little’s mother’s maiden name was Devin, the same surname as Prince Claude, who was allegedly poisoned by Prince Jun following the original signing of the treaty. Claude’s family swore vengeance. Mr. Little confesses, but swears he never intended to harm the royal baby. Helena has Mr. Little sent to the dungeons. Despite this, Melissa demands to know why Simon had the accounts for Aldovia's debt. Simon reveals he and Lynn were trying to add economic amendments to the treaty which would benefit both kingdoms. He then pulls out a ring box and proposes to Melissa, who happily accepts.  Amber’s contractions intensify, and Doctor Magoro orders everyone except Richard and Amber out of the room. With Richard by her side, Amber gives birth to a healthy baby girl, whom the couple name Princess Elleri after Amber’s late mother. Elleri's birth is officially announced to the public. The film closes with Amber writing her last blog post, thanking her readers for supporting her through the years and, on behalf of Richard, Elleri and the whole of Aldovia, she wishes everyone a Merry Christmas and Happy New Year.
One year after the events of the first film, Amber and Richard are still happily engaged. Amber's news media company that she worked for went out of business and her friends are unemployed. At Christmastime, Amber and her father, Rudy, travel to Aldovia to plan Amber's wedding. Amber continues to blog about royal life with Richard.  Amber becomes overwhelmed with the dictatorial traditions of royal protocol and lack of control over her own wedding, which is controlled by the flamboyant designer Sahil and Mrs. Averill, as Richard struggles with the failing implementation of his Aldovian economic revitalization program, the New Aldovia initiative, which is mysteriously hemorrhaging money from the monarchy as unemployment and low wages afflict the increasingly discontent populace. To assist in the economic efforts, Queen Helena brings in Lord Leopold to assist Richard, as Leopold had been planning aid efforts with Richard's late father. Meanwhile, Simon, impoverished due to his divorce from Sophia, also returns to beg to be brought back into the palace; a resentful Richard reluctantly accepts, as Simon is family.  Amber and Richard's relationship grows strained as Richard becomes increasingly distracted with royal demands, and Amber refuses to kowtow to Mrs. Averill's strict guidelines. After Princess Emily's play is cancelled due to a strike by governmental workers, Amber hosts the play at the palace. While the move was well-received, Amber becomes furious when Mrs. Averill takes down posts from her blog about the affair due to their casual nature, and is further upset when Sahil and Mrs. Averill demand she remove her locket (containing her late mother's photo) for a royal portrait.  After receiving a bitter Christmas card from an unemployed worker, Amber investigates the royal finances with her friends, who have come to celebrate her wedding. She learns that the New Aldovia initiative has been failing because a group of new companies has been outbidding local workers and taking the money out of the country. During a paparazzi ambush, she's saved by Simon, who wants to help investigate the economic issue. With Emily's help, the group hacks into a site that the shell companies are owned by an association, Glockenspiel Consortium. Mrs. Averill confronts Richard and Amber over paparazzi photos of Amber at a bar while investigating, and Amber admits to the sleuthing. When Richard fails to defend her against Mrs. Averill, she storms out. Richard admits his failings as a fiancé to Emily, and after finding Amber, the two reconcile.  During a royal celebration, where Helena gives Amber the blessing to have the ceremony she wants, the group reveals that Glockenspiel Consortium is owned by Leopold, who is accosted and thrown into the palace dungeon. Richard gives a Christmas address that promises holiday bonuses to all Aldovian workers, and the populace celebrates. Richard and Amber finally marry in a ceremony that blends tradition with modernity, and everyone celebrates as Richard and Amber leave to share a private kiss.
For the past 30 years, Kathleen (Catherine Mary Stewart) has carried around the haunting memory of her father abandoning her and her mother on Christmas Eve. She blames her mother for that night and now refuses to celebrate Christmas at all. Although she tries to forget her past, it has not forgotten her. Because of a blizzard, Kathleen finds herself stuck in her home with two strangers during the days leading up to Christmas. Sam (Muse Watson), a gentle older man Kathleen took in for the night, and Lucy (Cameron Ten Napel), the daughter of her soon to be fiancé (Anthony Tyler Quinn) bring her face to face with the hurts of her past. She has to choose between letting go and grabbing hold of a life-changing forgiveness, or continuing to carry her pain and bitterness.
The film takes place in 1946, six years after the events of the original film. Ralphie is now fifteen years old, and all he wants is a used 1939 Mercury Eight convertible for Christmas. He tries testing the car out when he sees it on a display ramp, but he accidentally causes the car to roll back out of the used car lot and gently tap a light pole, causing a plastic reindeer to loosen and fall through the convertible top. Ralphie bands together with Flick and Schwartz to raise enough money to pay the dealer back for fixing it before Christmas so that the car dealer won't have Ralph arrested and presumably thrown in jail. He and his friends get a job and after going through several departments at the Higbee's store and in the end getting into a fight with the store Santa and then each other they all get fired. Ralphie does get his job back after some begging and pleading, but by Christmas Eve he finds he is still $1 short, so he and Flick rob Schwartz of his "lucky buck". While on the way to the dealer, Ralphie decides to donate a chunk for a less fortunate family. He winds up still off the hook with the owner of the dealership. In the end, he does get the car he wants for Christmas and the girlfriend he wants to go with it.
Katherine "Kat" Decker is a young teenage girl who dreams of becoming a great singer-songwriter. Unfortunately after her father, Jason, died, she is left in the care of her evil, snobbish stepmother, Deirdre, and her two equally cruel and snobby stepsisters, Joy and Grace. They work Kat to the bone as a servant, have full control of her inheritance, and take a big percentage of her wages from work (theoretically to pay for her disabled dog's food and care). Kat's goal is to make enough money to move out of her home and pursue her dreams.  Kat works at "Santa Land", a Christmas entertainment park, as a singer and song-writer along with her best friend, Isla, under the eye of their strict boss, Mr. Mujiza. There they meet a teenage boy who is the new Santa. Unknown to them he is really Dominic "Nick" Wintergarden, son of billionaire, Terrence Wintergarden. After Nick sees Kat perform, he is smitten by her. Later he confides that he manages a few bands but has never told his dad about this.  Deirdre wants to go to a charity event Terrence is hosting, but she doesn't have a way to get in. Then through Grace's mumbling, she realises that Terrence was Kat's late father's best friend. They devise a plan to gain invitations for the charity event as Deirdre being the widow of the late Jason Decker. However, a letter from Terrence requests the presence of Deirdre and Katherine Decker, so Joy will be impersonating Kat to make the scam work in their favor while leaving the real Kat at home.  As Christmas Eve nears, Nick and Kat become attracted to one another. Nick then gives Kat an invitation to the Wintergarden charity event, much to Kat's surprise and bewilderment, and she accepts the invitation. The next day, Nick reveals his true identity to Kat, and tries to encourage her to do the same but she doesn't. Kat, while reluctant to go to the event with Dominic, is persuaded by Isla to do so when she gives her a green dress they saw at an expensive boutique store which Isla has handsewn herself.  The next morning, however, her stepfamily steal the dress and Deirdre burns her invitation to prevent her from going. Kat calls Isla about what her stepfamily did, and is informed that Dominic has invited her to come over to his home and hear her sing with his friend. When she does come over, Kat gets an unfriendly reception from Nick's friends, especially his girlfriend, Skyler, which eventually causes her to leave.  On the day of the charity event, Kat catches her stepfamily in possession of her late father's snow globe. During the altercation to get it back, the snow globe breaks and kat is left heartbroken. While sobbing, Kat's dog, Bruno, stumbles upon the invitation letter from Terrence. Realizing their intention of using her identity, she becomes determined to stop them. To help Kat get into the event, Isla uses her position as a dressmaker for the event's main show to help her pass as one of the elf performers. But before Kat can get to Terrence, she is forced to go on stage and perform, which she does poorly. In the middle of the performance, both Deirdea and Nick see Kat and both try to get to her. Skyler tries to get together with Nick, but Nick breaks up with her.  Kat unintentionally knocks out one of the performers in the show, and is forced to be the Snow Queen for the next part. Kat sings. Nick and Kat finally find each other. Nick apologises for hurting her and Kat apologises for ruining the show. Before leaving, Nick advises Kat to follow her dreams for her father's sake. Kat then gives a wonderful performance to the audience with a new song she wrote.  After the show, Nick introduces Kat to Terrence. After hearing Kat's problems with her stepfamily and her financial insecurities, Terrence offers to help her as a last wish to his late friend, then he orders Deirdre, Joy and Grace to leave. Nick and Kat finally get to happily dance together.
Tessa is a mechanic, who has been left in the care of her evil stepmother, Divine, and stepsisters, Athena and Olympia, following her father's death. Tessa accompanies her stepsisters as their assistant to a competitive audition for a Cinderella musical being held in a luxurious hotel. On the first day of the auditions, the director, Freddie Marks, introduces the leading male star of the musical, Reed West, with whom Tessa immediately becomes smitten. Freddie adds that auditions will be open to all and whoever is cast in the lead female role will be signed to a recording contract on the final day of the show. Tessa befriends Georgie, a make-up artist for the show, and helps two stage hands fix up a motorcycle that will be used in the show. Reed comes across her work and mistakes Tessa for a man.  During lunch, Tessa witnesses the hotel staff members performing and when encouraged to show off her own skills, she realizes she wants to audition for the show. However, Tessa's stepfamily forbids her to audition so Georgie offers to help. Georgie gives Tessa a full-makeover and she assumes a fake identity for the audition. Tessa's audition goes well, and she impresses both Reed and Freddie with her singing. During the dance audition, Tessa's stepfamily barges into the theater to try to catch who the mysterious new competitor is. Tessa manages to escape, but leaves her dance shoe behind. She tells Georgie that while she wants to do the show, she is too afraid to go against her stepfamily.  The next day, Reed announces that he has found his "Cinderella." He holds up the dance shoe that Tessa left behind and announces that whoever can turn in the matching shoe by midnight will win the part. Divine demands that Tessa recreate a copy of the shoe so either one of her daughters can win the part. Tessa is then summoned back to the stage to help the stage crew fix the motorbike and she runs into Reed. The two bond and she confides in him about the death of her father. Reed encourages Tessa to follow her dreams, but the romantic moment is interrupted when Reed gets a call from Harper Halston, his female co-star.  Nearing midnight, Tessa ponders what to do if her father was alive, then goes to Reed and Freddie to turn in her other dance shoe. She is given the lead role and she assumes the stage name "Bella Snow." Tessa makes excuses to her stepfamily why she is suddenly so busy and secretly attends rehearsals in her "Bella Snow" disguise. Tessa's romantic attraction to Reed increases as they work together, but Freddie tells Tessa that Reed is already engaged to Harper. Disappointed, Tessa begins distancing herself from Reed for the rest of rehearsals, much to his confusion. Athena and Olympia overhear Tessa complaining to Georgie about the stresses of her dual identities and discover her secret.  On the day of the musical's premiere, Athena and Olympia send a note to Tessa, pretending to be from Georgie asking Tessa to meet her in a closed-off section of the hotel. They lock her in a room and head to the stage in an attempt to take the lead role for themselves. Reed tries to ask Georgie about "Bella" and Georgie tells Reed not to lead "Bella" romantically and Freddie told her about his engagement. Meanwhile, Tessa escapes the room via the air vent and rushes to the stage in time for the musical performance.  As the musical begins, chaos erupts due to Tessa's stepfamily trying to take the lead role for themselves. Reed uses an opportunity to go offstage and confront Freddie about meddling in his love life. As they argue, Tessa arrives in time to overhear Reed announce that he and Harper aren't engaged and they're just friends, and he has fallen in love with someone else. Tessa finally appears onstage but without her "Bella" disguise, thus revealing her true identity to everyone, including Reed. Reed apologizes to her for the misunderstanding and convinces her to finish the performance with him. Tessa accepts and with the show back on track, it is well received by the audience. Freddie apologizes to Reed for his actions, and he is forgiven. Tessa receives her record contract and Divine attempts to convince Tessa to rejoin the family, but Tessa rebuffs her. The film ends with Reed and Tessa riding off together into the sunset on the motorcycle she fixed.
17-year-old aspiring singer, Katie Gibbs (Lucy Hale), is over-worked, bullied, and constantly harassed by her stepfamily, the Van Ravensways — shallow stepmother Gail (Missi Pyle), bratty teenage stepsister Beverly "Bev" (Megan Park), and younger troublemaking stepbrother Victor (Matthew Lintz). Despite how badly they treat her, Katie does their bidding with no complaints in fear that they might put her into foster care. Katie's parents died prior to the events of the movie.  In a dream, Katie performs a music video for her hit single ("Run This Town"). Then Victor wakes her up, demanding breakfast. At the Wellesley Academy of the Arts, of which Gail is headmistress, Guy Morgan (Dikran Tulaine) — English president of Kensington Records, enrolls his son, Luke (Freddie Stroma). Katie, wanting to change her life for the better, sneaks her demo CD into Guy's briefcase. Guy wants Luke to produce an upcoming showcase at the Academy; Luke, however, is less than excited about following in his dad's footsteps.  Back at home, Bev wants to win a recording contract with Guy: Bev, however, is a terrible singer; the more she practices, the worse she sounds. Guy calls Gail on Katie's cell phone, who is shocked to hear that he loves Katie's demo ("Bless Myself"). Gail lies, claiming it was Bev's demo and that Katie stole it. Meanwhile, Victor steals Katie's clothes and towel while she showers, and locks her out of the house, naked. Unable to get back inside, Katie trips over a visiting Luke; thinking fast, she covers herself up using the WELCOME mat. Amused by the situation, Luke gives her his jacket. While Bev welcomes Luke, Gail barges into Katie's room and forces her to sing. Then, after shoving Luke out of the house, Gail plans to get Bev a record deal by using Katie's voice. Bev is reluctant, but goes along with this in order to win Luke's affections.  At school, Katie and her best friend, aspiring dancer Angela (Jessalyn Wanlim), hear Luke singing in the music room with his best friend, Mickey O'Malley, ("Knockin"). The entranced Katie writes a song of her own for him and admits that she likes him. Angela urges Katie to sing for him at the Bollywood Ball that night, and gives her a costume to wear. Then Gail barges in, forcing Angela to hide.  Gail orders her stepdaughter to babysit Victor tonight, since she wants Bev to win Luke over at the Ball. Katie pleads with Ravi (Manu Narayan), Gail's guru (who is no real guru but just a half-Italian/half-Indian method actor and former KFC worker from New Jersey, named Tony Gupta, who needed the work) to watch Victor while she goes to the Ball. There Katie leads Luke outside and sings ("Extra Ordinary"). He is entranced by her voice. Angela distracts and challenges Gail to a Bollywood dance-off ("Oh Mere Dilruba"). Gail loses and then leaves the Ball. Katie tries to beat her stepmother home, but with no success. Now it's Katie's turn to get blackmailed: Gail vows to expel Angela from the Academy, which will ruin her chances of getting into Juilliard — unless Katie sings for Bev. To save Angela's dance career, Katie goes along with Gail's plot. Gail informs Katie that she's grounded for disobeying her and going to the Ball.  Luke wants to find the girl who sang for him, despite Ms. Dorothy Plumberg the assistant principal trying to punish him with detention and being chased by a crazy girl. In the music room, he sees Bev lip-syncing to Katie's voice ("Make You Believe"). Jumping to the obvious-but-wrong conclusion, Luke falls for Bev and invites her to write more songs with him. Much to Bev's horror, he treats her out to a restaurant that evening. Luke is amazed by Bev's musical aptitude, unaware that Katie is texting to her what she should say (because Bev forced her to help), but ends in disaster. The next day, Luke drops by the house and hits it off with Victor, to whom he gives guitar lessons. Katie also reconnects with Luke, who doesn't like it when she has to head out again — this time, to throw away Gail's prized portrait that French painter, Maurice, was doing for her, which Victor has ruined by cutting out her face with his mother's Ghandi knife. Bev cuts in on Luke, whom she then forces her brother to help her deceive by using miniature electronic-communication devices, so that Katie can coach her through another date. Katie puts together a song on the spot ("Possibilities"), which Luke sings, thinking it's Bev's. She and Luke kiss, which breaks Katie's heart.  Luke falls in love with Bev, unaware that her singing and songwriting talents are actually Katie's. Later, to ensure Katie's cooperation, Gail reveals that she has discovered a loophole that allows her access to the savings account Katie's late father had opened for his daughter; ergo, if Katie doesn't submit to her stepfamily's will, Gail will cut her off without a cent. Victor overhears, learning in the process that his family's money is rightfully Katie's. As it turns out, Victor himself is frequently mistreated by his sister and their mom; he shares no more affection with them than Katie does, and he only went along with their mistreatment of Katie because he was fearful of what they would do to him if he didn't. Feeling guilty over not having had a better relationship with his stepsister over the years — among other things, she's the only one who remembers his birthday — Victor agrees to help expose the fraud perpetrated by his family.  At the showcase, Victor sabotages Bev's performance (of "Make You Believe") by destroying her iPhone which contains Katie's recorded singing voice, to Gail's anger, and Katie and Bev's worry. Frantically trying to cover up the situation by telling the audience that her mic has stopped working, Bev receives booing onstage from the audience. Gail, refusing to give up, forces Katie to sing live backstage. Curious, Luke goes backstage to see what's happening; and he sees Katie. At first, he is confused as Katie tries to get him to leave, but she soon admits to Luke that Bev can't sing. He realizes at last that Bev is a fake and that beautiful voice is actually Katie's.  During Bev's second performance, Luke steals a video camera and films Katie singing backstage, thus exposing the whole charade. At the same time, Angela pushes Katie onto the stage to finish the song, much to Bev's humiliation as she runs off. The audience and Luke persuade Katie onstage to perform her demo ("Bless Myself"). Katie and Luke admit their feelings for each other and kiss and embrace. Guy also loves Katie's performance, and green-lights Luke to produce an album for her, which is for Kensington Records. He even agrees to help Angela get into Juilliard.  In a mid-credits scene, Gail weakly attempts to appeal to Guy, but having had enough of her lies, he decides to tell the school board of her deceit and fraud, causing her to be removed as headmistress of Wellesley Academy. To Gail's surprise, even Bev is delighted to be rid of her mother, being no stranger herself to Gail's manipulative ways. Gail soon finds herself back to where she started decades before: singing (horribly) at a ranch, where she is bombarded with fruit and booed off the stage.
The film starts in a room full of bomb making material and newspaper articles about LTTE bombings in Sri Lanka, the screen then cuts to a typical busy morning in Colombo. "The Man" (Ben Kingsley) plants five bombs around the city; on a public bus, in a shopping mall and the Polgoda police station, on an intercity train, and at the Katukurunda Airfield. The man then establishes his mini control station on top a skyscraper in Dehiwala and calls the police chief Morris Da Silva (Ben Cross) and informs him that if four prisoners are not released, the bombs will be detonated.Ben Kingsley Starring Action-Thriller, "A Common Man" Is To Be Released by Myriad Pictures Worldwide
A few weeks before his very glamorous wedding to a famous actress, a country music singer returns to the small town in Texas where he grew up to sell his family's old house. There, he meets his childhood friend, Sarah, a cowgirl who owns a small ranch. With her, he rediscovers the joy of the simple things in life that he had forgotten.
Seventeen year old Dusty Rhodes (Bailee Madison) goes to live with her grandfather (Pat Boone) because both of her Army parents are fighting in the Afghanistan war. Dusty attends a new high school where she makes friends with a group that includes Savanah (Chloe Lukasiak), a goth girl whose late father also served in the Army. Dusty convinces her new friends to form an equestrian drill team that allows them to perform at rodeos and parades. Dusty's world is turned upside down by the war when her mother goes missing after her helicopter is shot down. To cope with her fear and helplessness, Dusty enlists the help of her grandfather and friends to put on a special riding performance for her parents and all of the soldiers fighting overseas. The entire town turns out in support of the event, and it becomes an unforgettable experience for everyone.
Michael Vaughn (Sommer) is a fake psychic touring the U.S. to promote his "mediumship" and book. Unknown to other audience members, Vaughn's girlfriend Chelsea (Froggatt) participates as a shill for his hoaxes, which have finally alienated his elderly parents (Harris and Madigan). After a recent stop in the Southwest, Chelsea also begins to lose momentum from the dishonesty of Vaughn's work and the lack of money it has generated.  Before heading to a Tucson symposium, Vaughn is knocked out and kidnapped by Nathan (Collins Jr.), who attended the last conference but was reluctant to get a reading. Vaughn learns (while tied to a chair) that Nathan murdered a man named "James Bishop" in a botched mugging, and wants Vaughn to "communicate" with Bishop's spirit. Nathan expresses remorse in the unsolved crime and also wants Vaughn to talk to Bishop's daughter, Stacy, who became a cause célèbre after her father vanished twenty years ago.  Nathan leads Vaughn to the burial site of Bishop's remains; seeing the discovery as a personal opportunity rather than closure for the Bishop family, Vaughn contacts the local news station while authorities excavate the ground for Bishop's remains. Searchers find skeletal traces of Bishop's body, and Vaughn instantly becomes a star psychic. While he waits permission to talk to Stacy, his association with Nathan becomes less a captor/captive relationship and more an accomplice aiding and abetting a fugitive. Chelsea notices Vaughn on national television and begins to see more duplicity, as she believed he was kidnapped and under duress.  After some hesitation, Stacy agrees to a televised reading with Vaughn. She proves him a fraud by identifying events and people that never happened in her life or the way he claimed, specifically a "Miss Angeline", another debunked psychic. The hosts on the show deduce someone (other than a supernatural presence) told Vaughn the location of her father's remains. Angered by the interview, Nathan kidnaps Chelsea and threatens Vaughn to either correct the situation, or he'll turn himself into authorities and confess what's going on.  After tricking Nathan into dropping his knife, Vaughn bludgeons him to death with a torque wrench and disposes of his body. Rather than forgive him for his deceitfulness and start over, Chelsea leaves Vaughn to get arrested by the town's authorities.  Not long after - while serving time in prison - Vaughn notices Chelsea on TV being interviewed by Dr. Phil. It's revealed that she capitalized on Vaughn by writing a bestseller about his confidence tricks.
Lockhart, an executive at a financial services firm in New York City, is sent by the board of directors to retrieve CEO Roland Pembroke, who had abruptly decided to stay at a "wellness center" in the Swiss Alps. At the spa, Lockhart is met with resistance by the staff and Dr. Heinreich Volmer in attempting to speak with Pembroke.  Lockhart leaves, but is involved in a car crash and awakens at the center – supposedly three days later – with his leg in a plaster cast. In spite of the horrendous collision, both he and the driver suffered only minor injuries. Lockhart meets a mysterious young girl named Hannah who, among others, doses herself with a mysterious fluid from small, blue bottles.  Patient Victoria Watkins and residents of the nearby town regale a fascinated Lockhart with the history of the spa. It was built on the ruins of a castle owned 200 years ago by a baron, who desired an heir of pure blood and married his sister. Learning she was infertile, he performed hellish experiments on the peasants to find a cure. He succeeded, but after finding the carelessly buried bodies of his victims, the peasants stormed the castle and set it on fire. They captured the baron's pregnant sister and the baby was cut from her womb before she was burned. The baby was thrown into the local aquifer, but somehow survived.  Lockhart attempts to escape the center but finds no one is allowed to leave. After gifting Hannah a ballerina figurine, Lockhart bikes into town with her help, leaving her in a bar and seeking out a translator for Pembroke's German medical dossier. He learns that the people of the spa suffer from dehydration despite the water they imbibe from the aquifer. Hannah, kept at the spa her entire life, explores the bar and attracts the locals' attention. Lockhart returns and gets into a fight with a man who was dancing with Hannah. He is rescued by Dr. Volmer, by whom the locals are curiously cowed.  Lockhart discovers the transfusion wing of the spa is a front for macabre medical experiments, and that the water from the local aquifer possesses unique properties – toxic to humans, but with life-restoring properties for the eels living in the water. The baron had devised a process to filter the water through the bodies of humans and distill it into a life-giving essence; Volmer uses the patients as filters for this process.  This "cure" is ingested by Hannah, Volmer, and his staff to gain vastly lengthened lifespans. Lockhart realizes that his leg is not broken and he is being  kept prisoner. Volmer subjects Lockhart to nightmarish treatments, warping his mind until he believes he is insane. Hannah perceives this change and gives Lockhart back the ballerina figurine, breaking him out of his delirium.  Hannah has her first menstruation, and Volmer marries her. During the reception, he leads her to a secret bedroom in the ruins of the castle and begins to rape her. Lockhart breaks into Volmer's office and discovers Volmer is the baron and Hannah is his daughter, the baby who was thrown into the well; both have been aging very slowly due to the "cure". Spurred by this information, Lockhart confronts Volmer in the bedroom.  In the ensuing fight, Volmer's face is revealed to be a mask hiding his hideous burns. Lockhart sets Volmer and the castle on fire, but is overpowered by Volmer. Hannah saves Lockhart by killing her father, who falls into the aquifer and is eaten by the eels. Lockhart and Hannah escape on her bicycle as fire engulfs the center, and crash into a car carrying Lockhart's employers, having come to retrieve him and Pembroke. Lockhart tells his employers that Pembroke died, and is ordered into the car. Ignoring their demands and muttering he feels better, he rides away with Hannah, eerily smiling as they finally escape the asylum.
The film begins with Francisco Francis (Forest Whitaker) running in the jungle with his family while soldiers are shooting and killing people around them.  The scene changes to an office building where Tony Green (Steven Bauer) is speaking to Bruce (Kim Coates) in Clearbec corporate offices telling him that Francisco had broken into the local offices and stolen their files. As he converses with Bruce, he orders Renaldo (Devon Bostick), a young aide in his office, to hurry. Renaldo and Tony leave the local offices amid gunfire and chaos, but pause when a woman shouts at Renaldo. She is his mother; she is shot and killed by soldiers as Renaldo looks on. Tony shows his corporate ID to the soldiers and pulls Renaldo into his car. As they attempt to leave the city, they stop at a road block and watch soldiers gun down an unarmed man. Renaldo jumps out of the car and escapes the carnage.  The scene changes to Jack Begosian (Andy García) speaking to call-ins on his radio program in Toronto, Canada, Atlanta, Georgia and Los Angeles, California discussing his pessimism about the government and his faith in the goodness of humankind. He points out that water is not a commodity to be bought or sold and is questioned about his former service in the CIA.  As Jack drives to his home in the remote Canadian forest, Morgan (Deborah Kara Unger) sits shivering in her tub. Later, she goes to a hospital ribbon cutting ceremony where Renaldo confronts her as she gets into her limo, accusing Clearbec of murder and telling her his message is in the car. He shoots himself.  Stunned and traumatized, she listens to a tape he left for her recording the gunshots and screams. He tells her that Francisco stole papers proving that Clearbec was involved in a typhus outbreak. The scene switches to Francisco and his family hiding in the jungle as General Aguilla hunts for them. He and his wife, Mia (Eva Longoria) argue briefly about leaving the dead behind. Francisco kills a soldier who pursues them. Renaldo reports that the soldiers got sick and began to execute everyone. Mia hands Francisco a gun and takes a rifle, using it shortly after to shoot another pursuing soldier. (Cuts away briefly to Jack explaining to a caller that he quit the CIA because he stopped believing the lies).  At corporate headquarters, Tony and Bruce argue about General Aguilla's murder of civilians and Bruce orders Tony to do damage control and keep the carnage a secret. Morgan questions her brother, Bruce about what happened in Ecuador. He tells her that Renaldo was an anti-government reporter and nutcase. She tells him about the tape and asks again about what happened. He dismisses her concerns and tells her to go to lunch and do fund raisers and bad marriages.  He tells her to go home. Doug, an assistant, enters the office and tells Bruce that the secret will be kept but that Morgan is a problem.
Nikki Turner (Jen Lilley) is an aspiring chef who lands the job of her dreams when her idol Holly Hanson asks her to work at her lavish restaurant. Sure that her next big break is on the rise, she soon finds herself making one-of-a-kind meals that she taught herself to make.  And after a rough start, she soon becomes best friends with executive chef Paul Dellucci. But as peppy and considerate as Holly may seem, it turns out she has a shady side that comes out in full force when she unfairly fires Nikki and Paul just because they were eating dinner together in a spot she didn't approve of. Afterwards, Nikki and Paul decide to come together and open their own restaurant to show that their food is better. And as they commence a battle against the scheming celebrity chef, they both use their creative thinking to create some of the most delicious treats around and add their own little dash of love into the mix.
After the death of her father, Ariel Morgan returns to college, where she meets fellow student Ben Woods. The next weekend, Ben and his father Adam offer Ariel a ride home. During the ride, Ariel explains that her mother plans to attend a grief group. Adam attends the group and introduces himself to Ariel's mother Dana, explaining that his wife died eight months ago.  One afternoon, Adam approaches Dana's house with his dog and two cups of coffee. Ariel takes one of the coffees as Dana invites Adam in. Ariel suddenly feels sick and asks her mother to drive her back to college.  Adam picks up Dana for a grief group meeting. En route, he convinces her to join him for dinner instead of going to group. The next morning, Dana wakes up in her own bedroom. Adam arrives at the house with homemade breakfast, which Ariel's uncle Cameron eats.  Adam meets Ariel at school and gives her two tickets for the Dixie Chicks concert that night so that Ariel can take Dana out for a break. Ariel goes to the concert; however, Ben shows up and explains that Dana told him to use her ticket. Meanwhile, Adam goes to Dana's house with flowers. The next morning, Dana finds herself naked in bed, feeling like she was drugged.  A home cleaning service worker finds Cameron dead in his house. Ariel and Dana are talking about Cameron's death when Dana suddenly collapses. Ariel hurries to call an ambulance, but Adam tells Ariel that Dana does not need an ambulance. Dana explains that Adam is a nurse who knows what he is doing.  The next morning, Adam takes breakfast to Dana in bed. She asks him what has he done to her and why she can't walk. Adam ignores her questions and tells her that he had found a great place to stay in. He writes a note for Ariel under Dana's name, explaining that she is going away with Adam for a while.  When Ben's eye starts bleeding, Ariel takes him to the hospital. Tests reveal a large dose of ethambutol in his blood, explaining that it is an antibiotic to treat tuberculosis. Ben deduces that Adam must be drugging him and Dana. She and Ben rush to Dana's house, then call the police when Dana is not there. The police leave when they see the forged note.  Ariel and Ben track down Adam and rescue Dana. Adam is convicted of kidnapping and sent to prison.
Organic food vendor Sarah Benson and her best-selling author and finance guru husband Robert are parents to one-year-old daughter Sully. Sarah is pregnant with their second child.  During Sully's first birthday, Sarah wants Robert to take her on a boat ride on Storm Lake behind their home. As she leans against the dock railing, it breaks and she is knocked unconscious on the boat as she falls into the water. Robert resuscitates her but she loses the baby, and they can no longer have children.  Five years later, Robert is a recluse, but has managed six months sober following an alcohol addiction beginning with the loss of their baby. He is struggling for inspiration for the book he is writing, and is over-protective of six-year old type 1 diabetic Sully.  Robert and Sarah plan to adopt an unwanted child and find the young and attractive Bridgette Gibson living in a homeless shelter in the final months of her pregnancy. They offer her the bedroom they had built for their lost child. Once alone in the room, she pulls out a magazine with the Bensons on the front cover and rips off the half containing Sarah.  Sully sees through Bridgette's cracked bathroom door, as she's showering, that her enlarged belly is fake. Bridgette explains that she was worried the Bensons wouldn't believe she was pregnant because of her slender build. Sully agrees to keep her secret. Bridgette removes the training wheels from Sully's bike without Robert's knowledge and pushes her down the driveway where she's almost struck by a car. She steers into the path of Dwayne Tisdale, Bridgette's tattooed hoodlum boyfriend. Bridgette persuades Sully to keep this a secret as well.  Robert finds a copy of one of his books among Bridgette's belongings. Inside the front cover is his autograph to "Joni". He realizes Bridgette is Joni, a fan with whom he slept in the depths of his alcoholism. When Sully goes missing the police confirm Bridgette's identity.  Bridgette and Dwayne take Sully to their cabin across the lake, where Dwayne believes Bridgette is with him in a ransom plot. But Bridgette's agenda is to kill Sarah and have Robert and Sully for herself. Sarah's employee Charlie, suspicious of Bridgette, follows them and is shot dead by Dwayne.  When Sully falls ill from not having insulin, Bridgette confronts Robert and Sarah. A struggle breaks out and Bridgette overpowers Sarah and shoots Robert in the shoulder. She sets Sarah in her running car in the garage to look like a suicide attempt. Robert regains consciousness and moves Sarah to fresh air.  Driving Dwayne's truck with Sully next to her, Bridgette comes upon Robert standing in the middle of a bridge. Robert dives out of the way just in time. Bridgette stops and aims her gun at him as Sully jumps out and runs to Robert. Bridgette orders Sully to return or she will kill Robert. He whispers in Sully's ear as she turns back to Bridgette. Sully darts to the bridge's edge and dives off. Bridgette shifts her gaze and Robert dives after Sully as Bridgette fires her pistol. Bridgette looks down at Robert and Sully climbing into a small boat and frantically trying to start the outboard motor. Bridgette gets ready to pull the trigger, when a shot rings out and Bridgette is struck. The shot is from a gun held by Sarah, having regained consciousness and followed her family. Bridgette falls to her death in the water below.  Six months later, the Benson family is restored and intact. Robert and Sarah dance in the kitchen with their daughter.
In the 1950s, a feral puppy wonders about life's true purpose. Weeks later, he is caught by dogcatchers, whisked away to the pound, and euthanized.  The dog is reborn as a Red Retriever in 1961. Leaving his cage at a puppy mill, he is taken by two garbage men, who plan to sell him. Left locked inside their pick-up truck, he begins to die of heatstroke, but is rescued by a kindhearted mother and her eight-year-old son, Ethan Montgomery. They break the truck's window and bring him home, naming him Bailey. Bailey and Ethan bond quickly, especially over the summer at Ethan's grandparents' farm, and Bailey decides Ethan alone is his purpose. Ethan gives him the nickname “Boss Dog”.   Years pass, and after several attempts at advancing in his job fail, Ethan's father has become an alcoholic. In 1969, Ethan meets a girl named Hannah at a fair with Bailey, and they soon begin dating. They spend their summer together, happily, through senior year. They plan to go to the same college, Ethan getting a football scholarship and Hannah with an academic one. At home one night, Ethan's drunken father becomes abusive towards his mother and him. Ethan kicks him out.  Later in 1971 at a football game watched by scouts, Ethan is offered a full scholarship to Michigan State University. That night, his vindictive classmate Todd throws a lit firecracker into Ethan's house, causing a house fire. Bailey alerts Ethan, who saves his mother out through an upstairs window. Ethan lowers her, then Bailey. However, he loses his rope and must jump, fracturing his leg and ending his athletic scholarship. Bailey attacks Todd, who is arrested by the police when firecrackers fall out of his pocket. Now, Ethan must go to an agricultural school, where he will learn to take over the farm. Depressed, Ethan breaks up with Hannah before leaving for college, while Bailey stays with Ethan's grandparents. Bailey ages and Ethan comes to say goodbye.  Bailey is reborn as a female German Shepherd puppy, growing into a police dog named Ellie, in the late 1970s/early 1980s, while fully retaining memories of her past lives. Ellie is partnered with lonely officer Carlos Ruiz who has recently split up with his partner, of the Chicago Police Department, and works hard at "seeking" and "finding", now seeing the job as life's purpose. They form a close bond, ending after Ellie saves a girl, kidnapped by her mother's ex-boyfriend, from drowning and is then fatally shot by the kidnapper while protecting Carlos.  Reborn in the mid-1980s as a male Corgi, Bailey is adopted by Atlanta college student Maya, who names him Tino. Lonely, he tries to find her happiness. She meets Al, a classmate, after Tino falls for Al's dog, a female Landseer named Roxy. They marry, having three children. Tino is heartbroken when one day Roxy does not return from the vet. In the 1990s, as Tino ages and dies, he thanks Maya for giving him one of his best lives.  Bailey reincarnates again, this time as a St. Bernard/Australian Shepherd mix puppy in 2014. At first adopted by a woman named Wendi, he is named Waffles. Unfortunately, Wendi's husband neglects him, refuses to let her keep him inside, and after several years, abandons him. Waffles searches for a new life, gradually making his way back to where he spent summers as Bailey. He joyfully reunites with his old master Ethan, now in his 60s, lonely on his grandparents' old farm, now his. Not recognizing him, Ethan takes him to the local animal shelter, but later reclaims him, naming him Buddy. Sensing that he has finally found his true purpose, he reunites Ethan with a widowed Hannah, and they get married. Buddy shows Ethan that he is his “Boss Dog”, by performing tricks and responding to phrases that were known only to the two of them many years back. Ethan finds Bailey's collar, now old and rusty, and places it back on Bailey's neck, and they resume playing exactly the way they did so long ago. Bailey narrates that life is about having fun, saving others, finding someone to be with, not getting upset over the past or the future, and living for today.
Lucas Ray and his friend Olivia, two residents of Denver, Colorado, find a puppy in a construction site along with many kittens and a mother cat. He names the dog Bella and takes her home to live with him and his mother, Terri.   Over the years, Lucas plays with and takes care of Bella. However, Lucas also continues to feed the cats at the old house, putting himself in the crosshairs of Günter Beckenbauer, who intends to demolish the house. He calls the city about the cats who live there, which delays the demolition.  Vengeful, Günter notifies animal control that Bella is a pitbull (despite not looking like one), because, in Denver, pitbulls are illegal, due to being a dangerous breed. That evening, overzealous animal control officer Chuck comes by to warn Lucas that if he finds Bella on the street, he will impound her.   The next day, when Bella gets out to chase a squirrel, Lucas catches up to her and prepares to take her home, but Chuck confiscates Bella and takes her into the local animal shelter. Lucas picks Bella up, pays a fine, and is allowed to take her home, but he is warned that if Bella is captured again, she will be euthanized. To avoid this, Lucas sends Bella to live with Olivia's aunt and uncle in Farmington, New Mexico, until he and his mother can find another home outside of Denver's urban limits.  However, Bella misses Lucas and leaves Farmington to begin a 400-mile journey home, which will take more than two years to complete. During Bella's journey, she befriends an orphaned cougar cub, whom she names "Big Kitten." Bella and Big Kitten encounter many ordeals together, including being hunted by a pack of coyotes, but a group of men help Bella and frighten the coyotes away. The three men give Bella food at their campsite and upon learning who her owner is, try to call Lucas, only to be scared away by the sudden arrival of Big Kitten.    During the winter, Bella helps rescue a man buried in an avalanche. Eventually, she reaches a small town, where she is taken in by a homeless veteran named Axel until he soon dies. Back in the wilderness, Bella is attacked by coyotes again, but Big Kitten, now fully grown, returns and intervenes, successfully fighting off the coyotes.   At each place Bella goes, she learns that each of her new friends has their own home, and how she must keep moving to get back to her family. After encountering further challenges, Bella finally makes it back to Denver, and she bids Big Kitten farewell before they part ways.  After briefly reuniting with the cat that looked after her as a puppy, Bella reaches the city's VA hospital, where she joyfully reunites with Lucas, Terri, and Olivia. Lucas prepares to take her to the vet to treat an injury she received when struck by a car, but when Lucas, Terri, and Lucas's friends bring Bella outside, Chuck arrives with several police officers, including police captain Mica.   Chuck claims that he needs to confiscate Bella again, with the threat to have Lucas and anyone who interferes arrested otherwise. Captain Mica states that he enforces the law, which states that Bella must be impounded, but Lucas and Terri stand up for Bella and point out he cannot confiscate her as the VA hospital is federal property, and thus is not technically part of Denver. Captain Mica allows Lucas to keep Bella as he has no jurisdiction.   Chuck threatens to pull Lucas over if he sees Bella leave the premises, but Captain Mica pulls him from public field duty for his over-zealousness and the number of complaints against him. He then orders the police officers not to pull anybody over just to impound a dog.  Lucas and Olivia manage to move into a new house in Golden with Bella, where they allow Pitbulls. Meanwhile, Big Kitten is revealed to be a mother herself as she and her cub watch over the city of Denver.
Timmy Turner (Drake Bell), his fairies (Cosmo, Wanda, and Poof), and Tootie (Daniella Monet) have been traveling around the world granting wishes for others.  A few days before Christmas, Santa Claus and the elves check who is naughty and who is nice, only to discover that people's names are being removed from the nice list as a result of Timmy granting them wishes. A pair of elves, Christmas Carol and Dingle Dave, escort Timmy, his fairies, and Tootie to a meeting with Santa at his workshop, who explains that Timmy should stop granting wishes. Just then, an elf tells him that the gift wrapping machine is broken. When Santa wishes for it to be fixed, Timmy decides to grant it. However, since fairy magic does not work in "an elf-made building", the magic instead turns into a blast that causes Santa to fall into the machine and hit his head, giving him amnesia. As a result of a lack of Christmas spirit, the workshop malfunctions and shuts down.  Jorgen Von Strangle arrives and tells Timmy that he must take on the role of Santa, since the rules state a godchild must take over the role of a holiday icon if the godchild has harmed them to the extent that they cannot do their job. However, an elf explains that Timmy cannot be Santa since he is on the naughty list for granting wishes that messed up Santa’s nice list, and Cosmo, Wanda, Poof, and Jorgen cannot change that since Earth's magnetic polarity at the North Pole nullifies fairy magic. The elves explain that to get his name off the naughty list, he must speak to Elmer the Elder Elf. They explain that it is a very dangerous path and that he may not make it out alive. Timmy insists going alone, since this is his problem, however, Tootie, the fairies, two elves, and even Mr. Crocker (who came to get his name off the naughty list) decide to tag along.  The journey proves to be difficult, especially when the elves lose the path to Elmer. Timmy and Crocker are separated from the others by a snowstorm. Tootie, the fairies and the elves come across a penguin, who guides them to a bridge leading them to Elmer. Meanwhile, Timmy and Crocker come across a group of gingerbread men named GingerFred, GingerEd, GingerNed and GingerJed, who are willing to help them. Just then, a starving Crocker bites off GingerJed's head, enraging the gingerbread men who chase the two away. The two eventually reach the other five and they escape and camp for the night. The following day, they come across the bridge, which is heavily damaged. The fairies help the others over, however, the still vengeful gingerbread men come, and in an attempt to get Crocker over, Timmy falls down, but manages to escape unscathed using candy canes given to him earlier by Santa.  Upon arriving at Elmer's house, Timmy asks Elmer why he is on the naughty list when he has been granting wishes for others. Elmer explains that with his fairies granting wishes for others, the wishes are causing more bad than good. Having proven his point, Elmer refuses to take Timmy's name off the naughty list, leaving Timmy and the others upset that they could not fix Christmas. Crocker opens up to Timmy and explains that he respects him for having the courage to risk his life for Christmas. Overhearing this, and surprised that Timmy was able to even warm Crocker's heart, Elmer changes his mind and takes Timmy's name off the naughty list.  Timmy and the others then take Elmer's vehicle to get back to the workshop, but realize that without Christmas spirit, the evil Winter Warlock (negativity and depression) has covered the whole planet. The elves explain that Timmy has a very small chance of saving Christmas now that Winter Warlock has blocked the path out of the North Pole. Timmy quickly puts on Santa's clothing, restoring power to the workshop, and gives orders to everyone else to prepare all the gifts. When they are ready, they find that all of the reindeer are missing (as Crocker unintentionally released them in an attempt to stay hidden). Using the magic van as a substitute, they manage to make it through Winter Warlock's Wrath and give presents to everyone.  On Christmas Day, Santa regains his memory and realizes that Timmy has saved Christmas. Despite not getting off the naughty list, Crocker gets his first-ever Christmas present (a new tie that looks exactly like the one he already has, which he loves) and Timmy and Tootie kiss under the mistletoe. Poof flies up to the screen and says "God bless us, everyone." Wanda assures the audience that no fairies were harmed in the making of this movie, but Cosmo says he got a paper cut. The film ends with Mr. Turner finally getting a pony who poops ice cream.
13 years after the original series, Timmy Turner (Drake Bell) has grown into a 23-year-old man, but maintains a lifestyle of a 10-year-old to keep his fairy godparents, Cosmo and Wanda, and his godbrother, Poof. Timmy's refusal to mature greatly irritates his parents (who desperately encourage him to move out so that they can “sell their house and go on vacation”) and Jorgen von Strangle (Mark Gibbon), who is constantly scheming to entice Timmy into giving up his fairies by shooting an arrow at him to make him fall in love with someone yet fails every time.  One day, Timmy reunites with a girl from his childhood named Tootie (Daniella Monet), who had an obsessive crush on him for years. She has grown into a beautiful activist and Timmy falls for her instantly. Cosmo and Wanda desperately scheme to repel Tootie, afraid that he is finally growing up and may not need them anymore. Timmy is torn between his love for Tootie and his desire to keep his fairies.  Meanwhile, Timmy's schoolteacher, Denzel Crocker, teams up with an oil tycoon by the name of Hugh J. Magnate Jr in order to kidnap Timmy's fairies and use their magic for their own purposes. Magnate deceives and kidnaps Tootie while Crocker captures Cosmo, Wanda and Poof, imprisoning them in a device programmed to use their magic to grant anybody's wishes. However, Magnate betrays Crocker, wishes he falls into a bottomless ballpit, and tortures the fairies by adjusting the wish-granting machine to electrocute them each time a wish is made. Timmy comes to the rescue of both the fairies and Tootie and battles with both his enemy and a toy robot that Magnate brought to life with the fairies' magic. Timmy successfully frees everyone but is forced to give up his fairies, who vanish the moment he kisses Tootie.  Although Timmy is saddened deeply by the departure of Cosmo, Wanda, and Poof, he is happy to be free to finally pursue more mature endeavors, as he had longed to do. However, he learns from Jorgen that because of his courage, a new law was passed in Fairy World that will now permit him to keep his fairy godparents as long as he only makes unselfish wishes to help others. Tootie and Timmy then plan to start a charity organization in which they will make wishes that will mend all of the world's problems or travesties, flying away in a magical van, which turns around and flies towards the camera (in a direct parody of Back to the Future). Magnate is sent to a mental hospital after claiming that fairies exist, and his secretary becomes CEO of the company, turning it into an environmentally-friendly enterprise. The film ends with Crocker finally falling out of the ball pit, landing in front of the Turners' house, and walking away.
Following his previous adventure, Timmy Turner is assigned a summer job in Fairy World's Yuck Factory by head fairy Jorgen Von Strangle, who insists he learns to earn income as an adult. Timmy, despite being unable to enjoy his summer vacation, chooses to do so in order to impress Tootie, who now works for the Help Creatures Dimmsdale Research Center. One day after work, Timmy visits Tootie at the Center and discovers to his dismay that the head of the Center wants her to deliver a special cure for rare spotted dolphins to Hawaii. The vial containing the cure is accidentally switched for Timmy's lip balm, which is packed away into a travel case by mistake while he takes the cure's vial. Upon returning home, Timmy is shocked to discover that his parents are also going to Hawaii, after Mr. Turner's pencil company chose it for the company's next vacation. Mr. Turner reveals he has been put in charge of providing the entertainment by performing a fire dance, only to learn from Timmy after reading the note his boss gave him that he will be fired if he fails to provide. Meanwhile, two children from a rich family, Marty and Mitzy, are excited about going to Hawaii, until they learn their parents will not be going, instead sending them off with a babysitter, who turns out to be Vicky.  In Fairy World, Jorgen promotes Timmy to supervise the source of all fairy magic, Abracadabraium, while he is away in Hawaii competing in the Bronze Biceps contest. Timmy discovers that his father packed the check he had been given within his sandwich by mistake, while also discovering that his lip balm was taken by Tootie instead of the cure. Seeking to fix both mistakes, Timmy heads to Hawaii, taking the Abracadabraium with him in a bowling bag. Meanwhile, Poof's counterpart, Foop, who had been spying on him, meets with the Anti-Fairy council over his failure to destroy Timmy's fairies and vows to find a new way to do so by going after the Abracadabraium and destroying it, despite the fact that no anti-fairy can touch it because of the good magic stored in it. The council orders him to do so, stripping him of his bottle, the source of his magic, to ensure he completes his task in order to avoid a horrible punishment. Heading for Hawaii, Foop runs into Mr. Crocker at the airport, after he was sent there by his mother in the hopes of curing his obsession with fairies. Realizing that Foop plans to cause mischief for Timmy and destroy Fairy World, Crocker agrees to help him in acquiring the Abracadabraium.  After returning the check to his father and the cure to Tootie, Timmy tries to relax with her and his fairies on the beach. There, he and Tootie run into Marty and Mitzy, who had run away from Vicky after she had mistreated them and help them escape from her so that they can have some fun. Crocker, who is given the money for the fire dance by Mr. Turner, and Foop, having taken on human form, distract the pair and steal the Abracadabraium from Timmy, putting Fairy World in danger and weakening Cosmo, Wanda and Poof. Realizing he has been duped, Timmy is spotted by Jorgen who becomes furious he lost the Abracadaraium.  His anger changes his skin, causing him to lose in the Bronze Biceps contest. Seeking to get the Abracadabrium back, the pair and the fairies recruit Marty and Mitzy to help and soon discover that Foop plans to drop it into a lava pool within a volcano. The group discovers that Crocker, who was planning to help, became affected by it, turning good and refusing to do as Foop wants. Angered, Foop risks touching the substance to destroy it, leading to Timmy struggling with him to get it back and falling into the lava with it. Much to the surprise of the others, Timmy survives and becomes a fairy after absorbing some of the powers of the Abracadabraium. A defiant Foop swears revenge but is soon sent away by Poof, while Crocker soon returns to his normal self.  With Timmy now a fairy, Jorgen reassigns Cosmo, Wanda and Poof to Marty and Mitzy, who he states deserve them, all while leaving them close by for Timmy to see them. Timmy uses his fairy powers to save his father's job by creating a fire dance for him with Crocker in it. While Marty and Mitzy take delight in having fairies, turning Vicky into a rabbit, Tootie declares she will need time to get used to Timmy as a fairy, before dancing with him. The stage sets off fireworks and Poof sends off the audience with an "Aloha!".  In the epilogue, Foop gets sent down the drain, which he describes as the "unspeakable horror".
Dane Jensen is a successful Chicago-based corporate headhunter who works at the Blackridge Recruitment agency. His life revolves around closing deals in a survival-of-the-fittest boiler room.   As the film opens Jensen is shown to be focused on his job, but he also tries to be a family man. His boss Ed Blackridge is offering him a promotion that will lead to him controlling the company. To secure it, he must beat his ambitious rival Lynn Wilson's numbers. Jensen's focus on the job becomes a detriment to his family. His wife Elise asks for more of his time with them.  Jensen tries to spend some quality time with his oldest child Ryan, to prepare him for the adult world. Believing Ryan to be on the verge of childhood obesity, he takes him jogging in the morning. Jensen notices that his son is constantly complaining of fatigue and has bruises he can't explain.   Jensen works harder and spends more time at the office to try to get the promotion,  which does not sit right with Elise. She asks him to prioritize. Ryan is later diagnosed with cancer, which shocks them all.  Jensen spends more time with his son, which causes his numbers — a prerequisite of the promotion — to drop. Meanwhile, Lynn takes the opportunity to tap into his clients and scores.   The film culminates with Ryan falling into a coma before getting better, and Jensen losing his job at Ed's firm, due to not turning a profit.   The seemingly strict Ed releases him from his non-compete agreement. Jensen starts his own company working from home and is now invested with his family.
Claudia (Daphne Zuniga) is a successful trial attorney who graduated at the top of her class from Harvard Law School. She's working hard to become the first female partner at a high-powered law firm and believes her life is perfect. The day before their family is set to gather for Thanksgiving, Claudia's sister requests that she make a homemade apple pie for the event. Claudia, however, is everything but the homemaker her sister is, and is annoyed by the request because she doesn't have time for such things.  Meanwhile, Claudia is directed to assist a corporate client in reversing an injunction so that it can demolish a park to build an enormous development. In order to realize this, she insists her subordinate employees work on Thanksgiving Day, because the court hearing is the day after. During this process, Claudia meets Gina (Faye Dunaway), a mysterious older woman who makes it her goal to teach Claudia some moral lessons. Gina takes Claudia to an alternative world, where Claudia is a lower profile happily married minivan-driving 'soccer mom' with two children.  Claudia is perplexed by the situation she is now in, but while experiencing her new life, the way it could have been, she learns that she is missing out on a lot; despite past prejudice regarding married life, she eventually finds she's falling in love with the man to whom she is married, and she becomes accustomed to the new life she is leading. Furthermore, she grows closer to her sister. Just as she is about to settle with her new life, Gina returns to take her back. Claudia is reluctant to return to her corporate life, and thus must consider what she is most thankful for.
Marina is a young transgender woman living in Santiago, Chile. She works as a singer and a waitress and is in a relationship with an older man named Orlando. They have recently moved in together, and on Marina's birthday, Orlando gives her a note promising tickets to a famous resort as a gift. However, Orlando wakes up in the middle of the night feeling unwell and stumbles down a flight of stairs. Marina takes him to the hospital, but he dies of a brain aneurysm.  Marina contacts Orlando's brother, Gabo, and is later picked up by the police. The officers call her 'sir' after checking her old ID card and demand an explanation for her sudden departure from the hospital. Gabo arrives and speaks to Marina with enough familiarity to convince the police of her innocence. He lets her take Orlando's car home.  Orlando's ex-wife, Sonia, contacts Marina to arrange a time for her to drop off Orlando's car. While working, Marina is visited by a detective named Adriana, who works on cases that include sexual assault. Adriana suggests that Orlando was paying Marina as a sex worker rather than the two dating. She also thinks Marina may have caused Orlando's bruises while defending herself from a violent encounter.  Marina returns home, where she is comforted by Orlando's dog, Diabla. Orlando's son, Bruno, arrives and harasses Marina with personal questions. He decides to take the dog despite Marina's protestations. Marina takes the car to be washed and "sees" Orlando, which disturbs her. She then meets Sonia in a car park and hands over the car. Sonia becomes upset and asks Marina to hand over the flat as soon as possible. She tells Marina not to go to the funeral.  Gabo calls Marina and tells her that Orlando will be cremated, and he wants her to have some of the ashes. Marina prepares to move out of Orlando's apartment and attends the wake. Upon her arrival, Sonia demands that Marina leave, and Gabo follows her out and apologizes. Later, Bruno and his friends accost Marina, threatening and wrapping her face in scotch tape before leaving her in an alleyway. Marina then walks to a gay club where she meets a man and spends the night with Wanda and Gastón.  The next day, Marina discovers the details of Orlando's funeral in the newspaper. Wanda and Gastón warn her to let it go, but she decides to visit a sauna where Orlando had left a numbered key. She nervously enters the sauna and books in before locating the lockers and opening Orlando's, only to find it empty.  After the funeral ceremony, Marina is confronted by Orlando's family who insult her, prompting her to climb on top of their car and demand her dog back. She follows an employee into the morgue and sees Orlando's body before his cremation.  In the final scene, Marina is seen running with Diabla and later singing an opera recital to a packed audience.
Set during World War II, somewhere in Romania, a German soldier is found dead near a village, and the local authorities must find the culprit or they will all be shot by Nazis the following morning. There's no way to identify the guilty party, but there is Ipu (Gérard Depardieu), the madman of the village, who the town leaders, led by Father Johanis (Harvey Keitel), pressure to claim responsibility for the soldier's death and die to save their skins. A farce seen through the eyes of a young village boy, we witness the comedy and horror of human nature as the villagers manipulate one another — even the ones you'd least expect...
The film's timeline stretches from 1964 to 1980. The film opens with Douglas Kenney and his classmate Henry Beard celebrating the release of their book, Bored of the Rings, with the Harvard Lampoon staff.  They graduate from Harvard and Kenney convinces Beard not to go to law school but instead publish a monthly magazine: the National Lampoon. Though Kenney is the magazine's main creative voice, there would be no magazine without the guidance of Beard. Kenney becomes the comedy writer and Beard the business manager, while the magazine also has a thriving art department.  They get financing from Matty Simmons. All of the writers work hard to be funny and meet deadlines. Work is a party atmosphere and illicit drug use is prevalent. The magazine is not initially a success until lawsuits are threatened by Disney, Volkswagen, Mormons, and many other established names. The comedy world is changed, and the magazine pushes the acceptance of satire and parody with each edition.  Kenney, due to burnout, suddenly leaves for nine months with a one-line note to Beard. The magazine stays successful under Beard. After five years Simmons agrees to a buyout and they each collect $3.5 million, a request demanded by Beard and Kenney. Beard, being unhappy and greatly stressed, takes his check and immediately exits the magazine.  National Lampoon expands to an hour radio show attracting more great comedians like Chevy Chase, Bill Murray, and Gilda Radner. But Lorne Michaels buys them all out and signs them over to Saturday Night Live. Special editions of the magazine are published such as one mocking high school yearbooks.  Kenney then moves to movies and writes Animal House in 1978. With the success of the film, cocaine takes over Kenney's life. As disputes with studio executives continue, Kenney writes Caddyshack. Not liking his work, he embarrasses himself being drunk and high at a press conference for the film.  Kenney, Beard, and Chris Hoffman all sell National Lampoon to 21st Century Communications. Kenney's cocaine addiction takes over. Chevy Chase takes Kenney to Hawai‘i to beat the cocaine but cocaine wins instead. In 1980, at age 33, Kenney's body is found at the bottom of a Hawai‘i cliff (with his glasses and shoes neatly stacked at the top edge). As he has narrated his life's story through the movie, Kenney is displeased to see everyone sad at his funeral. The movie ends with Beard starting a food fight at the wake (just like at the Harvard Lampoon years ago).
A woman (credited as "M") mentions to her musician husband (credited as "C") that as a child, she moved residences frequently and took to hiding little notes wherever she lived. C is resistant to M's desire to move, creating tension within their relationship. When he finally acquiesces, they hear a loud bang, the source of which they are unable to identify.  Shortly afterwards, C is killed in a car accident nearby. At the hospital, M covers his body with a sheet before departing. C awakens as a ghost, invisible to the living. Still covered with the sheet, he wanders through the hospital. A door of light opens before him, but he makes no attempt to approach it and it closes.  C walks home and sees Linda, his landlord, drop off a pie. M arrives and eats the pie until she vomits. Unable to communicate with her, C watches M grieve before proceeding with her life. In the house next door, he sees another ghost covered by a flower-print sheet who says that they are waiting for someone, though they do not remember who.  Upon discovering that M is dating another man, C jealously creates disturbances inside the house. Later, M listens to one of C's songs and recalls the first time he played it for her. She moves away, but first writes a note and hides it in a gap between some molding, which she paints over. C picks at the paint but is unable to reach the note.  Later, a Spanish-speaking single mother moves into the house with her young son and daughter. C watches them eat, play the piano and celebrate Christmas. The children begin to sense his presence and become frightened. One night, he knocks a framed photo of the family off the piano and smashes dishes in the kitchen. The family moves out and the ghost continues scraping at the paint.  At a party thrown by the next occupants, a woman says she has stopped working on her novel and a man responds by claiming all creative pursuits are pointless, as the universe will eventually end. The partygoers notice the lights flicker.  The house is abandoned and becomes derelict. C's efforts to retrieve the note are interrupted by a bulldozer crashing through a wall. The house next door is also torn down; the flower-print ghost, while standing amongst the ruins, says "I don’t think they’re coming" and disappears from beneath its sheet. A skyscraper is built where the house was; once it is finished, C views a futuristic cityscape from the balcony before jumping off the ledge.  The celestial sphere rotates in reverse, and C finds himself in a field in the 19th century with a man who is driving stakes into the ground. The man's wife and three daughters arrive in a covered wagon, and the family prepares to build a house. The youngest daughter writes a note and hides it under a rock while humming the tune of C's song. Native Americans attack and kill the family, and C watches the girl's corpse decay.  Back in the house, which is empty except for the piano, C sees himself and M enter and look around. His life in the house repeats itself; he witnesses their last argument, and upon hearing his past self finally give in, he sits down heavily at the piano, creating the bang that had earlier startled the couple. Later, C watches his earlier ghost-self watch M leave the house for the last time. He finally retrieves the note and, upon reading it, disappears, his empty sheet collapsing to the floor.
High school sophomore Jessica Burns (Lexi Ainsworth) attempts suicide by taking a handful of pills from her mother's medicine cabinet. She is rushed to a hospital after her mother finds her unconscious.  The school Jessica attends has won a chance for a documentary for being the only public school to place as one of the top ten schools across the country. During filming, the cameras catch students grieving over Jessica. The crew starts interviewing kids about Jessica, and they all claim to have noticed subtle tension between her and her former friend, Avery Keller (Hunter King). According to Jessica's best friend Brian (Jimmy Bennett), the two fell out after Jessica prevented Avery from cheating off of her test in class, and Avery had been relentlessly bullying Jessica since. Avery casually denies this, claiming they simply drifted apart after transitioning from middle to high school.  In response to the rumors, Avery agrees to record footage of her daily life to demonstrate the pressures of being popular. Though Avery herself is desensitized to it, her footage demonstrates that she comes from a dysfunctional family, and that her peers tend to feel intimidated by her teasing and controlling nature (for example, she and her clique restrict other girls from using a specific restroom while they apply their makeup).  Brian eventually confesses to the camera crew that six months ago, he and Jessica agreed to document Avery's harassment of her with a hidden camera disguised as a dragonfly brooch. He invites them into his home to show them the footage, which shows Avery constantly physically and verbally antagonizing Jessica, including floods of insulting social media messages. The footage also shows Jessica alluding to having suicidal thoughts and Brian trying to convince her to show the footage to school faculty, to which Jessica frantically refused out of embarrassment and fear of Avery. While visiting Jessica in the hospital, Brian confesses to her mother that he had been withholding the footage - though upset, she reassures Brian that he should not blame himself for what happened to Jessica.  The students grow further convinced that the rumors of Avery's bullying are true, causing the members of Avery's clique to turn on her and present a statement to the principal. This prompts a conference between Avery, her parents, and the principal, during which Avery's parents staunchly defend her before she storms out in frustration. She later posts an insensitive video ranting about Jessica's suicide attempt and vehemently insisting on her own innocence. The camera crew approaches Avery, advising her to remove the video and telling her they have footage of her bullying Jessica. She agrees to meet them at her house that night to watch the footage.  Later that night at the hospital, Jessica's parents are visiting her when she loses her pulse. Her parents and the cameras are kicked out of the ICU, as the doctors attempt to revive Jessica. The doctors are able to regain Jessica's pulse, but say that she will eventually succumb to total organ failure if she doesn't wake from the coma soon. At her house, Avery watches the footage and begins to cry hysterically, admitting that she regrets her actions while a female filmmaker named Amy consoles her. Avery posts another video, this time tearfully apologizing and stating that no person deserves to be treated the way she treated Jessica. She ends the video with, "My name is Avery Keller, and I'm a bully."  The movie ends with a cut to Jessica as she opens her eyes.
A young, hardworking Iranian man named Arash lives with and takes care of his heroin-addicted father, Hossein. They are harassed by a cruel, drug-dealer pimp named Saeed, who seizes the young man's prized car in exchange for money the father owes him. In a crime of opportunity, Arash steals a pair of diamond earrings from the wealthy young woman he works for, Shaydah.  Saeed comes across a strange young woman in a chador at night. She persuades Saeed to take her back to his apartment. While there, she grows long fangs and first bites off his finger, then goes for his neck, killing him. As she leaves, she passes by Arash, who has come to offer the earrings for his car. He finds Saeed dead, and takes back his car keys along with a suitcase of drugs and cash. Arash decides to sell the drugs, allowing him to quit his job working for Shaydah. Later, he goes to a costume party at a night club dressed up as Dracula, where he is persuaded by Shaydah into taking one of the ecstasy pills he is selling. Under the influence, he becomes disoriented, and ends up lost at night on the street.  The woman with the chador spends her time listening to music alone in her apartment, skateboarding, or bedeviling pedestrians at night, until she comes across the lost Arash. He shows vulnerability and compassion, and she takes him to her home, where they listen to music, and she resists his exposed neck. They meet the next night, and she says that he does not know the terrible things she has done. He is unfazed, gives her the earrings and – at her request – pierces her ears with a safety pin, but she eventually leaves.  Atti, a prostitute who worked for Saeed, is followed at night by the woman, and they retreat to the prostitute's apartment. The woman gives Atti the payment Saeed owed her. They have a conversation during which the woman realizes that Atti no longer remembers what it is to desire. She leaves.  Suffering from heroin withdrawal, Hossein has an episode where he believes that Arash's cat is his dead wife. Infuriated by his father, Arash gives him drugs and money and throws him out, telling him to take the cat with him. Hossein goes to Atti and forces her to take heroin with him. They are found by the woman, who kills Hossein. After Atti helps her dispose of Hossein's body, she tells the woman to take the cat and leave.  The following morning, Arash discovers Hossein's body. Distressed, he runs to the apartment of the woman and begs her to run away with him. As she is gathering up her things, the cat appears and Arash realizes that she had something to do with his father's death. Arash and the woman drive off together but he pulls off to the side of the road, angry and undecided about what to do. He eventually gets back in the car and the two continue their trip onwards.
In the 1970s, successful graphic designer and ladies' man Charles Swan III (Sheen) is dumped by his girlfriend Ivana (Winnick), and it throws his life into a tailspin. He does not know whether he loves her or hates her or wants her back or never wants to see her again. Along with his best friend, Kirby (Schwartzman) and his manager, Saul (Murray), Charles starts to suffer from nightmares, fever dreams of past relationships and hits rock bottom as he tries to recover from the recent breakup and tries to turn his life around.
In Moscow, Viktor Chagarin, a high-ranking, corrupt Russian official, plans to incriminate former billionaire and government whistleblower Yuri Komarov in a rigged trial unless he hands over a secret file believed to contain evidence incriminating Chagarin. Separately, Jack McClane, arrested after an assassination attempt, negotiates for a shorter sentence by offering to testify against Komarov.  Jack's father, NYPD detective John McClane, who has not been in touch with his son for several years, learns he is in trouble and flies to Russia. As John approaches the courthouse where Komarov is on trial, an explosion orchestrated by Chagarin's henchman Alik occurs in the courthouse, and Jack breaks free with Komarov. John confronts Jack, but their dispute is cut short as Alik and his men chase them in an MRAP through Moscow.   Hiding in a safe house, John finds out that Jack is a CIA operative and has been on an undercover operation for the past three years. Jack's partner, Mike Collins, demands the file's location from Komarov so the CIA can bring Chagarin down. He agrees on the condition that he and his daughter are given safe passage out of Russia. The group are ambushed by Chagarin's men; Collins is shot and killed while the McClanes and Komarov escape, making their way to a hotel to get the safe deposit box key containing the file. There they meet up with Komarov's daughter, Irina, as planned. Alik and his men burst in and tie up John and Jack, taking Komarov hostage; Irina confesses to informing on them. Jack breaks free of his ties and he and John kill most of the guards present. Alik and Irina, with Komarov still their hostage, return in a Mil Mi-24 attack helicopter and try to kill them, but they escape.  That night, Jack and John steal a car full of weapons, driving to Pripyat, Ukraine, where the safe deposit box with the file is located, only to find that Komarov, Irina, and Alik are already there. John feels suspicious at the scene since there are many men loading containers in the vehicles while instead they are supposed to only get a secret file. The safe deposit box with the supposed file is a secret passage to a Chernobyl-era vault containing €1 billion worth of weapons-grade uranium. It is turned out that there is no secret file and Komorov and Irina have concocted a scheme to steal the uranium deposit to make big money in the black market. Komarov kills Alik and calls Chagarin to gloat as the latter is killed by one of Komarov's men while he is in a sauna.  As John and Jack enter the vault, Komarov pretends that he is glad that they are coming to save him but Jack realizes the uranium in the vault and figures out the whole scheme. As he and John prepare to apprehend Komarov, Irina and some henchmen come to her father's aid. As they prepare to leave, Jack follows Komarov, while John goes after Irina, who is escaping in a Mil Mi-26 helicopter; he sneaks into the rear compartment. Irina tries to protect her father by firing the helicopter's guns at Jack, but John is able to bring the helicopter off balance by driving a truck out of the cargo section while it is secured to the helicopter by a chain. Komarov taunts Jack by saying he will get to watch his father die, prompting Jack to hurl him off the rooftop and into the spinning helicopter blades, killing him. John is thrown from the truck and into the building.  As Jack and John reunite, Irina tries to avenge her father by ramming the helicopter, now out of ammunition, into the building in a suicide attack. John and Jack leap off the building into a large pool of water as the helicopter crashes and explodes, killing Irina.  Having reconciled, John and Jack fly back home to America and are reunited with an excited Lucy.
Alexander (Steven Seagal) is the leader of a covert operation on the border of Dagestan. The primary target is Islamic terrorist Abu Alwaki, whereas the secondary target is Mr. Chen (Tzi Ma). Mr. Chen is an Islamic fundamentalist arms dealer who is financing terrorism.  The operation fails, resulting in the death of Alexander's entire team and Mr. Chen's escape.    Long after the disastrous operation in Dagestan, Alexander has relocated to Romania. He starts to bond with his neighbor Lena (Iulia Verdes), and her younger sister Mya (Sofia Nicolaescu). Lena and Mya's older brother Sasha (Victor Webster) collects protection money for the Mafia, in order to pay off his father's debt and protect his younger sisters from any danger.  Lena works in a club that happens to be owned by mafia boss Vladimir (Claudiu Bleont), and Alexander drops by to have a chat. Vladimir notices the two of them bonding, and has his men to warn Alexander to stay away from Lena. Alexander refuses, and an ensuing fight results in death of three of Vladimir's men.  After killing Vladimir's men, Alexander takes a bag containing $300,000 from the club. The $300,000 belongs to arms-dealer Mr. Chen. Mr. Chen was using Vladimir's club to launder money on behalf of one of his buyers. Mr. Chen gives Vlad 24 hours to retrieve the money; otherwise he will take Lena to compensate for the missing $300,000.  Afterwards, Sasha is suspected of stealing Vladimir's money. Because of this, Vladimir sends a team of hit-men to kill Sasha. Assuming that Sasha is now dead, Vladimir goes to Lena's flat to prepare her for Mr. Chen, but after noticing Lena's considerably younger sister Mya, he decides to take her instead. Mr. Chen's buyer has a particular taste for young women, and according to Mr. Chen, “the younger the better”.  Sasha goes to Vladimir's club, and Vladimir is surprised that he is still alive. Although Vladimir tried to have him killed, Sasha asks for more time to get Vladimir his money back. After beating up Vladimir's men in a fistfight, Sasha is given more time to recover the money. Vladimir tells Sasha that as long as he gets his money back in 14 hours, he will give Mya back to him in one piece.  To try to find out the location of Mya, Alexander kidnaps Vladimir. After being tortured, Vladimir discloses the location of where Mr. Chen is holding Mya. Alexander then attends a meeting with Mr. Chen, and offers to give Mr. Chen his $300,000 - in exchange for Mya's safe return. After initially accepting Alexander's offer, Mr. Chen soon double crosses him on the deal. A bloody shootout then ensues, and after killing all of Mr. Chen's men, Alexander finally kills Mr. Chen in a sword-fight. He then takes Mya safely home to her brother Sasha and sister Lena.
Bob and Darcy Anderson are happily married with two adult children. One evening while Bob is away on a business trip, Darcy goes into the garage to search for batteries. When rummaging through Bob's things, she comes across pornographic magazines containing sadomasochistic images. Upon looking further, she finds a secret compartment behind the garage's baseboard and inside is a small box containing ID cards of Marjorie Duvall, a victim of a serial killer known as "Beadie".  Horrified, Darcy looks up Beadie online and cross-checks Bob's business records with the locations of the murders, finding that he was close to most of the crimes. She also sees a photograph of Duvall wearing earrings identical to the ones Bob recently gave her as an anniversary gift. Meanwhile, after spotting a young woman leaving a diner, Bob follows her in his car. He then returns home to confront Darcy; he has deduced her discovery. He calmly explains his insanity to Darcy, recounting how he and a sadistic friend named Brian Delahanty, or "BD" (from which "Beadie" was derived), planned a school shooting as teenagers. However, Delahanty was hit by a car before they could carry it out, but Bob claims BD had "infected" him with "certain ideas", resulting in his homicidal urges.  Bob claims that, after he started a family with Darcy, his murderous alter ego receded and he was not driven to kill again for several years. He asks Darcy to put the matter behind them for the sake of their children, and then falls asleep. The following morning, Darcy feigns an agreement to forget what she has discovered, on the condition that he does not kill again, and that he bury Duvall's ID cards in the woods. Bob agrees.  A few months later, Bob, who is an avid coin collector, finds a rare 1955 doubled die cent, he and Darcy go out to celebrate. Upon arriving home, Darcy has Bob fetch some Perrier while she waits for him upstairs, ostensibly for sex. However, when Bob goes up, Darcy pushes him back down the stairs, breaking his back and arm. She then manages to shove a plastic bag and a dish cloth down his throat, killing him. After removing all evidence of murder, Darcy manages to convince the police and the children that Bob died in a drunken accident. Darcy assumes the ordeal is over.  Not long after Bob is buried, a retired ailing detective named Holt Ramsey visits the house. Ramsey has spent years investigating the Beadie murders and had questioned Bob previously. Ramsey tells Darcy that he suspected Bob was the killer, since his Chevrolet Suburban was seen in the vicinity of each victim. Darcy realises that Ramsey has figured out her role in Bob's death, but she rejects any accusations and Ramsey leaves. Later that night when Ramsey is admitted to hospital, Darcy visits him and threatens to smother him with a pillow, claiming "two can keep a secret if one of them is dead". Once she admits the truth, Ramsey assures her that she did the right thing.  Darcy returns home and enjoys life on her own, after realising that Bob was close to being caught and therefore wasn't as smart as he thought he was. She finds that she can now be at peace with herself.
Eric (Jason Sudeikis) is a 30something perpetual adolescent who lives to party, holding lavish theme-events with his friends using his father's large house in the Hamptons. On July 3, Eric throws a bash party attended by his friends Sue (Michelle Borth), Adam (Nick Kroll), Mike (Tyler Labine), Laura (Lindsay Sloane), Kate (Lucy Punch), Glenn (Will Forte), Doug (Martin Starr) and his girlfriend Willow (Angela Sarafyan), Alison (Lake Bell) and her boyfriend Marcus (Rhys Coiro). Eric meets Kelly (Leslie Bibb) at the party. The following morning, Eric's father (Don Johnson) arrives and informs him that he is selling the house. The next weekend, the group arrive back at the house and find it for sale by Dody (Lin Shaye) and Kelly.  Eric and Mike decide to throw a last ultimate party at the house on Labor Day weekend. Lamenting the more liberal sex attitude of the younger generation that passed over his own, Eric suggests having an orgy. When they present the idea to their friends, they are all reluctant, but when Mike and Eric argue that afterwards everyone will be moving away from each other and that this might be their last real time all together, Sue agrees to join. Laura joins the plan to improve her self-esteem, and is later joined by Alison after she breaks up with Marcus. Sue has feelings for Eric from high school, but Eric pursues a relationship with Kelly, to attempt to interfere with her selling the house. Doug and Willow join the orgy, hoping it will make him more confident. At Kate and Glenn's wedding, a drunken Adam reveals he has lost his job because Eric destroyed his phone at the  bash, and agrees to join the orgy. Glenn finds out about the orgy and informs Kate, causing the pair to fall out with the group for not including them.  Eric and Mike go to an underground sex club to research orgies, and gain advice from Mike's uncle Vic (David Koechner). Later, during a date with Kelly, she asks Eric to meet with her friends on Labor Day, to which he reluctantly agrees. Eric admits to Mike that he is developing feelings for Kelly and is no longer sure about taking part in the orgy. The week before Labor Day, Kate and Glenn ask to join the orgy but the group refuses because the couple have a child. Kelly tells Eric that she has asked Dody to slow the house sale down until the end of the summer.  The Labor Day weekend arrives and the group prepare for the orgy. Doug decides to back out at the last minute, causing the group to descend into arguments, culminating when Alison publicly reveals Sue's feelings for Eric, and Doug accuses Mike of being Eric's "pet". Glenn and Kate arrive uninvited, intending to gatecrash the orgy, but they end up having sex in their car. Eric decides to leave and go to Kelly's home, but discovers she is on a date. Eric returns to the party where the group reconcile, and the orgy finally begins. In true Shakespearean tradition, the orgy consists of four men and four women (not counting the couple that has sex outside of the orgy) although the sex couples are not clearly defined.  On Labor Day, Doug gives Mike a copy of his finished album, having finally found the confidence to pursue his music career. Sue gets over her feelings for Eric, Adam and Laura enter into a relationship, and Eric reconciles with Kelly. Kelly tells Eric that the house deal fell through and it will now take longer to sell. Eric begins planning a party for Memorial Day.
Daniel, an account manager (Common) is having a bad day. Gearing up for Career Day at his daughter's elementary school, the new boss fires him when his affair with his married assistant (Jennifer Garner) is revealed.  Lonely Darius, Daniel's boss's (Bradley Whitford) son, finds himself instantly entranced by Patricia, Daniel's daughter (Storm Reid), and seeks advice from their school's shop (John Cho) and music teachers (Anders Holm) on how to win her heart.  Meanwhile, the principal and vice-principal (Allison Janney and Rob Riggle) spend the day trying to hide the school's dead gardener from the faculty and staff, as well as the students and their parents.  The day culminates at the Career Day activity. Both Daniel and his former boss turn up. They begin to have an altercation that they decide to take outside.  At the same time Mr. McRow, and then Darius, wander up on the roof to ponder life. They share feelings about Darius' loneliness and Christian's failure in music. But they connect, while watching the fight between Daniel and Mr. Schneedy. As they are about to go down, Christian falls off the roof and onto the manure pile below, uninjured.  In the end, Darius is able to tell his father he's tired of moving, Patricia's dad meets the husband of his former lover, getting closure, and the coroner finally takes away the dead gardener.
In August 2012, a young couple,  Malcolm and Kisha, move in together. As Kisha arrives, she accidentally kills Malcolm's dog named Shiloh by running him over with her car. On the first night, Malcolm is constantly awoken with Kisha farting loudly that eventually drives him out of the room. The next morning, when Kisha notices her keys on the floor, she tells Malcolm they might have a ghost. To prove to her wrong, Malcolm has security cameras installed by Dan the Security Man and his brother Bobby. Malcolm tries to have sex with the camera on, but Kisha tells him to turn it off. Before they really start, Malcolm turns the camera back on and records everything. In the morning, Malcolm and Kisha watch the video and notice the door moved. Malcolm suggests it was caused by his lovemaking.  The next night, Malcolm notices the paranormal activity and tries to move out of the house and leave Kisha. Since he can't sell his house in the current market, they hire Chip, a psychic, to investigate; Chip immediately falls in love with Malcolm. Before Chip can leave, after finding nothing wrong, Kisha confesses to making a deal with the devil for a pair of shoes. Chip tells Kisha she is screwed and invites Malcolm to join his wrestling group. After Chip leaves, Kisha shows Malcolm a video of her eighth birthday, in which she began to experience paranormal activity by her imaginary friend, Tony. The next night, Kisha gets out of bed in the middle of the night, stands by the bed for several hours, and begins to dance. Malcolm wakes up and follows Kisha to the kitchen, where he catches her eating uncooked food and drinking old milk. She screams crazily when Malcolm restrains her. In the morning, Kisha remembers nothing.  On another night, Kisha urges Malcolm to investigate a noise, but it turns out to be Rosa, his Hispanic housekeeper. Rosa quits, and Malcolm and Kisha smoke marijuana with the ghost to relieve their pain. The next day, Malcolm's friend Steve and his girlfriend Jenny bring over a ouija board to communicate with the ghost. When it misspells ghost as "gost", they all laugh at it, and it throws the ouija board across the room, scaring Jenny and Steve out of the house. That night, the ghost drags Malcolm out of the room and has sex with Kisha. When Malcolm finds out, he calls his cousin Ray Ray, who immediately flees when he sees the ghost's powers. That same night, Kisha waits for the ghost until it gets late and leaves. After Kisha leaves, the ghost rapes Malcolm.  Malcolm and Kisha anger the ghost by ignoring it, so it attacks Kisha in the night while Malcolm listens to music, through headphones, on his computer. In the morning, Malcolm notices something is wrong with Kisha and calls Father Doug to do an exorcism. When it does not work, Malcolm calls Dan and Bobby to help. Chip also rushes into the house to help. During the exorcism, Kisha escapes into the living room. Before Malcolm and Doug find her, Doug accidentally shoots and kills Rosa, who had come to pick up her last check. When they all meet in the living room, Kisha behaves very strangely and flees to the basement. The group follows and finds her crying in a corner. When Malcolm reaches for her, she attacks him, and the whole group beats her up, apparently forcing the ghost out of her body.  The next night, Malcolm and Kisha have sex with the camera on for about three hours. In the middle of the night, Kisha wakes up and stands next to the bed for a few hours before walking out of the room and making a big crash and screaming Malcolm's name. When Malcolm comes out of his room, Kisha throws him back, and he hits the camera, knocking him out. When Kisha enters the room her shirt is bloody. She crawls to Malcolm and sniffs his body until he farts in her face. As Kisha lunges at the camera, her face takes on a demonic appearance. A minute later, Malcolm wakes up telling everyone he survived and Kisha is behind him making him scream.
Malcolm Johnson and his cousin Ray-Ray are driving Malcolm's possessed girlfriend Kisha to the hospital after he beat her senseless for trying to attack him. Kisha starts making a fuss and fights Malcolm, then breathes into Ray's face. He passes out at the wheel and collides with a truck. Somehow, everybody is okay, but Malcolm and Ray leave an unconscious Kisha in the backseat and run away.  A year later, Malcolm moves in with his girlfriend Megan, an insecure woman with two kids, her bratty and promiscuous teenage daughter Becky and effeminate son Wyatt, who has a stereotypically black imaginary friend named Tony. The family moves into a new home with their dog, Shiloh Jr. After the movers hang a safe next to the lawn, an invisible force unties the rope tied to a support beam, causing the safe to fall on the dog and crush him. Malcolm dramatically cries all the way to when they bury the dog.  Megan then puts a creepy looking doll named Abigail on a chair by their bed. Malcolm messes around with it until he starts having sex with it. Malcolm carries his camera around to record everything he sees. He meets the neighbor, Miguel, who jumps at every chance he gets to call Malcolm racist whenever he comments on something related to a Mexican stereotype, though all of it is in jest. Weird things start happening again. Malcolm records himself having sex with Megan and notices the Abigail doll turning its head. He also finds old videotapes with a demonic being in it trying to kill a family of three, but it fails every time.  Additionally, Becky finds an old box and develops an attachment to it, and Wyatt continues to hang out with his imaginary friend. Malcolm seeks help from a paranormal psychologist named Professor Wilde. He deduces that Malcolm must have had a previous encounter with a demonic force. Malcolm thinks it has to do with Kisha. Wilde then proceeds to cook meth with some prostitutes, but then gets arrested by the police. Malcolm finds himself being terrorized and taunted by Abigail, as he is getting sent crude photos from her to his phone. She also ends up burning his clothes. Later, Malcolm sees a box moving in the dark and begins to attack it in every possible way he can. Megan and the kids run downstairs and tell Malcolm that what was in the box was supposed to be a surprise for him to make up for Shiloh Jr. Malcolm reaches into the box and pulls out a horribly mangled dog. He then takes a shotgun and blows its head off to put it out of its misery.  Among other weird scenarios that plague the family is Becky opening her box and having a whole swarm of moths fly out. Malcolm fixes this by installing bug zappers to attract the moths to their doom. He also notices the demon, which Professor Wilde says is named Aghoul, taunting him in the videos. Although he tries to explain the weirdness to Megan and the kids, they don't believe him. To make matters worse, Malcolm comes home the next day to discover Kisha talking to Megan, looking very much not possessed. She has told Megan that Malcolm left her in a ditch to die, and she leaves after flashing him some scary black demon eyes. Later, Malcolm sees Abigail wrote "Miss me?" in red crayon all over the walls. He tries getting rid of her by burying her, sending her to Taiwan, chopping her up and barbecuing her, but she comes back each time.  Malcolm resorts to seeking help from the insane Father Doug Williams. He finds the crazy priest in a church, shanking another priest for absurd reasons. When Malcolm asks for his help, Doug only makes weird comments about the Kardashians coming after him and other men. Malcolm leaves when he thinks he sees demons surrounding a church, but they're really just church women who make comments about Malcolm being with a white woman. Miguel comes over and offers a chicken to be used as a blood sacrifice, but the chicken becomes hysterical and fights back. Malcolm ends up wrestling the chicken all across the kitchen, ending with him throwing the chicken up into the ceiling fan where it is decapitated. He and Miguel fry the remains and eat it with waffles.  As a last resort, Malcolm goes to find Ned and Noreen Swanson, a sort of racist and sexually frustrated paranormal investigative husband and wife duo. He brings them to his house, where they determine that the demonic presence has attracted the family to it, explaining Becky's need for the box, Wyatt's imaginary friend, and Malcolm's sexual attraction to Abigail. They take hits from a bong mask and go downstairs to find Becky fully possessed. She flails around and gets thrown everywhere. Malcolm calls upon Doug to come by, but he has a mental breakdown along with the ghost possessing him and ends up shooting himself in the head. Becky runs upstairs and Malcolm chases after her. After some reluctance, he gets the demon to transfer itself to himself by having Becky regurgitate red goo. Everybody runs upstairs to find Malcolm possessed (who then gets beat up). He too pukes up the goo back into Becky's box. The Swansons take the possessed items, including Abigail so Ned can have sex with her. Everything seems okay until the next night when Malcolm and Megan are watching TV and Kisha shows up behind them. She twists Megan's neck around, killing her and sending Malcolm running away.  Ray and his boys come to Malcolm's house to find Megan dead, along with Becky upstairs, impaled in her bed, and Wyatt is missing. They find Malcolm lying on the floor in the basement, still alive as he chose to hide rather than try to leave. After a bit of panicked rambling, Kisha comes downstairs, leaving all the men to scream in fear.
The movie starts with a young girl running through a dark wood from a shadowy figure. The scene becomes bleak as a severed hand is seen next to the girl's dead body as her body is dragged away. On the hand is a silver ring.  Jordan (Alix Elizabeth Gitter) is a teenager that has been orphaned after her father dies of Leukemia.  Her mother died from drowning when Jordan was five years old. She's sent to live with an aunt (Tara Westwood), who is the identical twin of her mother, and uncle (Steve Bacic). They live in the town of Silver Falls, where she learns of ghost stories after seeing a burning mannequin at a park where teens go to party. When police come to raid the party, Jordan wanders the surrounding forest and discovers the ring, which she places on her forefinger without even thinking.  When she returns home, she tries to remove the ring, but it won't come off. The ring, it turns out, attracts the ghost of the girl who had mysteriously been murdered twenty years before. No one, however, knows of the murder.  The ghost does mischievous acts around the house, such as moving pictures, opening doors, and stealing small items from Jordan's aunt and uncle. These actions cause concern in her household, causing them to make an appointment for Jordan with the local psychologist, who is not fond of Jordan, as he believes she is a negative influence on his geek son. After Jordan meets with Dr. Parish, she confesses to Larry that she sees one of the dead twins.
Markiplier and his assistant break into a museum to steal an ancient box located in a vault. A chain of escapades leads them to obtaining the two keys required to enter the vault. Mark grabs the box, triggering an alarm. Mark gives two escape options: going down a sewer, or using a bomb and escaping from the vault.  If they choose the sewer, they stumble upon a branch leading to a dark tunnel and a light one. Traveling to the light tunnel brings them to the middle of the ocean, resulting either with the assistant being abducted by pirates, or the pair being stranded on a deserted island, either being abducted by aliens Hanson and Avidan, or joining a potential cannibal. If the assistant chooses the dark tunnel, Mark repeatedly suggests splitting up. This results in Mark's death or disappearance. Only one of the "split up" decisions results in the assistant being confronted by "Darkiplier," who tells them that he has hidden codes in every ending, as well as saying that Mark is a liar snake, leading to the final, 31st ending. If the assistant chooses not to split, the two enter a tunnel inhabited by the "Sewer Cult"; when chaos ensues, the assistant holds Mark over a pit. If they decide to let him go, the assistant escapes the tunnel. If they hang on, they both fall, along with the box from the vault. Mark finds a wormhole device, allowing them to escape and return to the start.  If the assistant chooses to use the bomb instead of the sewer to escape the vault, they and Mark escape and are presented with two getaway options: a helicopter or a car.  If the assistant chooses the helicopter, they are sent to a rehabilitation prison. The assistant can attempt to gain respect from the guards or the prisoners. If they attempt the former, they find themselves unsuccessful and try to do it on their own. In one of the resulting endings, the box contains a fairy that grants wishes, but is confiscated by a prison guard due to its noise. In another ending, Mark is ambushed by Bob, an undercover federal marshal. If the assistant shoots Bob, he takes off a mask to reveal that he is actually Wade. Mark is then shot by the real Bob, who then reveals that the assistant was also Wade all along. The assistant may also open the box, sending them back to the beginning. Refusing to enter a human-shaped hole reverses the roles of Bob and Wade, and travelling back in time results in the assistant being interviewed. Entering the hole, meanwhile, slowly deforms the assistant. If they attempt to gain the respect of the prisoners, inmate Yancy explains that none of the prisoners desire to leave, and asks if they still wish to leave. If they do not want to, they kill another inmate to achieve a life sentence. If they do wish to, Yancy offers assistance.  If the assistant chooses the car instead of the helicopter, Mark tells the assistant that the car broke down amid a ride. He offers options of walking or fix the car. If they decide to fix the car, a sinkhole separates them. The assistant reaches a cave, where a man named Illinois, resembling Indiana Jones, hands the assistant a cursed monkey statue and asks them to place it on a pedestal. If they refuse to place it, the assistant, seemingly possessed by the statue, attacks Illinois. If they place it, they are both briefly transported to the monkey heaven before Illinois leaves them behind.  If they decide to walk instead of fixing the car, a horde of zombies chase them. Unbeknown to Mark, the assistant is bitten by one of the zombies. If they tell the truth, Mark tells them to go away, and the assistant lives with the zombies forever. Otherwise, they are given a choice between finding a scientist or going to a nearby shelter: Fort Brannagan, supposedly the only zombie-proof area. There, Mark and the assistant are inspected for bites by a soldier named Ed. If the assistant tells the truth about their bite, they are shot. If they do not, it is revealed that the fort has been infiltrated by zombies, and that Ed has been bitten, rigging the fort to explode to prevent the virus' spread. Then, the assistant reveals their bite to Mark.  The box from the vault is then revealed to be the "world's oldest picnic basket", and the assistant is given a choice between two ancient foods: a 2000-year-old peanut butter and jelly sandwich or a 17 AD tuna fish sandwich. The former turns the assistant into a relaxed zombie, creating a human-zombie utopia. The latter creates a cure to the zombie virus. At the lab, a scientist explains that an anomaly has caused time and space to warp; she believes the assistant is the anomaly, attempting to kill them. If they attempt to flee, the assistant becomes a zombie, attacking Mark. If they accept their fate, Mark takes the bullet for them, after which it is revealed that the box was the anomaly. As she destroys the box, the branching timeline of the film is briefly shown before returning to the 31st ending, with Mark and the assistant at the beginning, confused on why they are at the museum.
Austrian peasant farmer Franz Jägerstätter, born and brought up in the small village of St. Radegund, is working his land when war breaks out. Married to Franziska, colloquially Fani, the couple are important members of the tight-knit rural community. They live a simple life with the passing years marked by the arrival of the couple's three girls. Franz is called up for basic training in the German army and is away from his beloved wife and children for months. Eventually, when France surrenders and it seems the war might end soon, he is sent back from training.  With his mother and sister-in-law Resie, he and his wife farm the land and raise their children amid the mountains and valleys of upper Austria, cutting hay and gathering. As the war goes on, Jägerstätter and the other able-bodied men in the village are called up to fight. Their first requirement is to swear an oath of allegiance to Adolf Hitler and the Third Reich. Despite pressure from the mayor and his neighbors, who increasingly ostracize him and his family, and from the Bishop of Linz, Jägerstätter refuses. Wrestling with the knowledge that his decision will mean arrest and even death, he finds strength in his faith in God, his prayers, and Fani's love and support. He is taken to prison, first in Enns, then in Berlin and waits months for his trial. During his time in prison, he and Fani write letters to each other and give each other strength. Fani and their daughters are victims of growing hostility in the village over her husband's decision not to fight. Fani is eventually able to visit her husband in Berlin.  After months of brutal incarceration, Jägerstätter's case goes to trial. He is found guilty and sentenced to death. Despite many opportunities to sign the oath of allegiance, and the promise of non-combatant work, he continues to refuse and is executed by the Third Reich on August 9, 1943, while his wife and daughters survive.
American salesman Alan Clay is sent to sell a holographic teleconferencing system to the Saudi government by overseeing a presentation for the King of Saudi Arabia. Clay was offered the job solely because he once met a nephew of the King. Clay is haunted by a previous job in which outsourced production led to several hundred layoffs and, in the long run, financial ruin. He is also depressed because of a messy and costly divorce which leaves him unable to financially support his daughter Kitty.  Oversleeping on the first day due to jet lag, he misses the shuttle bus to his sales presentation and rents a car. The driver, Yousef, tells him that he is in contact with a woman whose wealthy and jealous husband has led him to fear for his life. After arriving, Clay is informed that neither the King nor his direct contact, Karim Al-Ahmed, are there. Clay's team is placed in a tent outside the office building lacking food or workable internet access.  Over the following few days Clay repeatedly oversleeps and calls Yousef to drive him to the development, both becoming closer during the long drives. At the development, he is repeatedly put off and confined to the tent. One day, he slips inside the building and meets Danish executive Hanne. She is sympathetic to his plight but cannot help him get contact the King or Karim Al-Ahmed. She offers him alcohol disguised as olive oil, which Clay has missed since arriving in Saudi Arabia.  In the evening, Clay gets drunk and tries to cut open a lump on his back. Waking the next day, covered with blood from the cut, he goes to a hospital, where he meets his doctor, Zahra, resulting in an immediate connection. She performs a biopsy and asks him to return in a few days. After more days without progress, Clay is invited by Hanne to a party at the Danish consulate, where she unsuccessfully tries to seduce him. The next day, after the tent's air conditioning breaks down, Clay becomes upset. He again slips into the office building and finally meets Karim Al-Ahmed. Clay tells Karim about all his grievances. Karim assures him that he will take care of the problems but cannot give him a date for the presentation.  Shortly after, Clay has a panic attack in the hotel and, mistaking it for a stroke, calls Zahra and Yousef. Yousef, arriving shortly after Zahra, notices how close they are and, after she leaves, chastises Alan for endangering her by making advances to her, something Clay vehemently denies. Yousef confesses that the jealous husband has threatened him. He flees to his home town over the weekend to let things cool down, and Clay accompanies him.  After returning, Clay learns his lump contains precancerous cells and should be removed the next day. When returning to the development, Clay notices the technical problems have been resolved, and he gives the King his presentation. However, Clay sees the officials talking with a Chinese company who can offer a better product at a cheaper rate. It is implied the government had always planned to make a deal with the Chinese and knowingly wasted Clay's time. Afterwards, Clay again rejects Hanne's advances.  The next day, the operation begins with an unknown doctor but, at the last moment, Zahra takes over, to Clay's delight. After the procedure, Clay and Zahra exchange increasingly personal and intimate e-mails, which culminate in a secret meeting. They talk about their families, and Zahra explains she has children and is going through a messy divorce. They are driven to Zahra's beach house, where they go swimming and have sex. Clay writes to Kit, telling her that the deal was unsuccessful, but he has taken a well-paid job in Saudi Arabia, and he has found a new positive force in his life.
In rural Missouri, notorious serial killer Garrick Turrell (A. J. Bowen) escapes from police custody. He begins travelling towards his ex-girlfriend, Sarah, who is responsible for his arrest. Along the way, he murders several strangers and appears at times remorseful for the murders. Meanwhile, having met at group therapy for recovering alcoholics, Sarah (Amy Seimetz) and Kevin (Joe Swanberg) begin to develop a relationship and ultimately sleep together.  Kevin leads Sarah to a cabin in the woods, where she discovers that he and two other men they meet there are serial killer fans. The trio plan to kill Sarah because she reported their idol, Turrell, to the police when she discovered he was a killer. They hang Sarah upside down and begin to torture her, when Turrell arrives at the cabin. It is revealed that one of the trio has been sending Turrell coded messages in prison, detailing Sarah's location and their plans to kill her.  Turrell explains to the trio that he bears no ill will towards Sarah, because he misled her about his true nature. He also confesses that he enjoyed prison because it was extremely difficult to hurt people there, and although he feels compelled to kill, he also regrets it afterward. He only broke out of prison because he realized they planned to kill Sarah and wanted to stop them. Turrell attacks and kills the three men, who fatally wound him in the struggle. Dying, Turrell frees Sarah, who flees the cabin.
A Horse Called Bear tells the story of Ethan who inherits his mother's horse after she dies unexpectedly in a car accident. Being a city kid he has no desire to own a horse and tells the lawyer managing his mother's estate to sell it. The horse was purchased by one of the ranch hands to use as a training horse for young riders. Ethan then moves across the country to live with his grandparents. While living with them he learns that the horse is still kept nearby at his uncle's horse ranch. He is hired by his uncle and begins to work at the ranch with his mom's horse "Bear." During this time he falls in love with the horse and eventually buys it back.
Alex and Greg Wheeler are parents to their four-year-old son Jake. The struggles of getting into a prestigious kindergarten are apparent for the couple as the Wheelers are not the richest family living in New York. Family friend and preschool principal, Judy, suggests they take advantage of Jake's recently developing interests in gender non-conformity in order to gain admission.
Walter Stackhouse is an architect by day, and an aspiring writer by night. He writes short-story crime fiction and is fascinated by a recent murder of a local woman. He meets her husband by visiting the man's used bookstore. Stackhouse has a troubled marriage, and his wife turns up dead. The police detective investigating both deaths suspects each husband of killing his wife, and a possible connection between the two crimes.  Kimmel and Corby follow Stackhouse to a nightclub.  There, Stackhouse runs.  Corby, Kimmel, and the cops give chase.  In catacombs beneath the nightclub, the showdown begins.  In the end, Corby brutally murders one of his fellow cops, thinking he's Stackhouse.  Kimmel corners Stackhouse, pins him, draws a knife, and struggles to stab Stackhouse.  The cops arrive, and shoot Kimmel several times, to protect Stackhouse.  Kimmel dies.  Stackhouse has been wounded in the midriff, but he's covering up his wound and applying pressure.  As he lies on the floors of the catacombs, Stackhouse gradually smiles.  In the movie's final shot, a typewriter types the phrase "THE END."
As the Fugue String quartet approaches its 25th anniversary, the onset of a debilitating illness to cellist Peter Mitchell (Christopher Walken), forces its members to reevaluate their relationships. After being diagnosed with Parkinson's disease, Peter announces his decision to play one final concert before he retires. Meanwhile, the second violinist, Robert (Philip Seymour Hoffman), voices his desire to alternate the first violinist role, long held by Daniel (Mark Ivanir). Robert is married to Juliette (Catherine Keener), the viola player of the group. Upon discovering Juliette does not support him in this matter, Robert has a one-night stand. Juliette tells him to leave the house. Further complicating matters, their daughter, Alexandra (Imogen Poots), begins an affair with Daniel, whom her mother once pined for. When Juliette tells Robert of this affair, Robert punches Daniel, and Peter threatens to cancel the concert.  Their final concert is a performance of Beethoven's String Quartet No. 14. Midway through, Peter withdraws to be replaced by Nina, another cellist.
GQ Qi (Jack Yang) finally makes it big playing a coveted role on a television sitcom. Everyone is happy for him – the network, his mother, his best friend – everyone except GQ himself. He is stuck playing an offensive stereotype."FILM REVIEW: A Leading Man by Jimmy Zhang". Asians on Film, Oct 16, 2013 The day he decides to speak up for himself on set, the executive producer fires him.  To salvage his career, he starts dating A-list casting director Rachel Cohen (Heather Mazur); work and love soon become intertwined.  Their relationship survives the protestations of GQ's family and friends, but starts to show strain when GQ is unable to land another acting gig. Frustrated, GQ's attention turns to a famous celebutant actress, notorious for her relationships with many rising actors and launching their careers. Her flirtations with GQ test his ambition and fidelity to Rachel. When pressures from work, love, and family, come to a head, GQ is faced with the ultimate question: How much of himself will he compromise for career success?
Marley Corbett is a quick-witted, carefree ad executive living in New Orleans, who embraces her easy going attitude, shuns any major responsibilities, and gains support and strength from a close circle of friends. She also enjoys casual dating, refusing to fall in love.  Marley's close friend Sarah notices that she looks drained. After an appointment, Marley is told by Dr. Julian Goldstein that she has terminal cancer. He is deeply impressed by the way she accepts the news with humour and dignity. While under anesthetic, God appears to Marley in heaven and gives her three wishes. She chooses to fly, to win a million dollars (not tax free), and a third that is later revealed.  Marley must now break the news to her friends and parents (who are divorced and haven't spoken in years). Her mother is persistent and overbearing, and instantly begins to smother Marley by visiting too often and making her meals to keep her strength up. Marley's father is the opposite; distant and reserved, and doesn't seem bothered with reconnecting with her in the time she has left.  While driving through town one morning, Marley and Sarah take part in a radio call game where the 97th caller wins a prize. They get through and Marley is told she's won flying lessons - her first wish granted. It is revealed that her other friend Renee is pregnant with her second child. This makes Marley question her life of never settling down.  As the weeks go by, Marley's health deteriorates and she visits her doctor Julian more and more. One night, they see each other at a band night at their local bar and spend the rest of the night on a date. They start to develop feelings for one another.  Upon Marley sharing news of her cancer diagnosis with her boss, he inquires about her life insurance plans. The company has a policy allowing individuals with life-threatening illnesses to cash out and receive an instant payment of one million dollars (or $500,000 after tax) – constituting her second wish  Marley's friend and neighbor Peter, noticing she is getting worse, hires a little person stripper, to meet with Marley at her apartment. Marley denies the stripper and explains her sickness to him, then decides to let him stay. As they hang out and talk about her cancer, he tells her that he has died before. He explains that dying was like floating and that he never wanted to leave. This helps Marley come to terms with her illness and death.  After another date, Marley and Julian sleep together and begin a relationship. However, the realization they won't have a future together causes her to flee quickly one morning before he wakes. That afternoon, they argue and Marley breaks it off. Envious of her friends who are all going through positive life changes, she becomes distant.   After a bike accident, Marley visits heaven again. God makes her realize that she needs to cherish what she has while she can and, for the first time, Marley admits to being in love. Later that day, she visits Julian to rekindle their relationship, apologizes to the friends she has pushed away and makes peace with her father.  At home over the following weeks, Marley can only lie in bed, and starts focusing on all of the things she is going to miss. She writes cards for future special occasions she won't be around for and letters to her loved ones, giving them to her mother to give out at the right times.  One morning, as Marley and Sarah sit in the park, Marley confesses that she is no longer afraid to die, while Sarah is terrified of life without her. Marley drifts off and Sarah is unable to wake her, so she calls an ambulance. Knowing it's almost time, Marley is visited by everyone in the hospital who stay at her side until the end (except for Renee, who is in labor).   Julian comes in time to say goodbye and, at that final moment, Marley realizes her third wish was to fall in love. The film ends with Marley's funeral, a colorful celebration of life with all of her friends and family.
Laura Pehlke is married to Bob and together they raise their 12-year-old son, Dennis. Laura is a dental hygienist and Bob works in a real estate office and often comes home late. The family goes to a birthday barbecue for Laura's twin niece and nephew. Laura suspects Bob is cheating on her and they get into a fight. She runs away from the house and Bob runs after her and suddenly collapses on the road. After a brief examination, the doctor says Bob has had a panic attack. Later that night, Laura begins to perform fellatio on Bob during which he has another attack from which he dies, and his condition is later diagnosed as arrhythmia.  Laura's sister, Kathy Helms, and mother Joan, are overbearing in their attempts to help Laura manage her life. Kathy insists Laura go to a lawyer to discuss her economic state. The lawyer claims the only way to get by with the money they have is to sue the doctor. Reluctantly, Laura cooperates. During the process, Bob's secretary admits to having an affair with him.  Laura's nephew, Kyle Helms, is an enthusiastic guitarist, and his father, Paul, supports him but Kathy thinks it hinders his academic future. She dismisses the garage band Kyle formed with his friends. Paul, a radio station employee, takes Kyle with him to see Dion DiMucci, who is visiting the station. After the program Kyle and Dion meet and play together.  Dennis moves to a private school on the insistence of Joan. In order to gain popularity with the kids at the new school, he lies and says his father died in the September 11 attacks while saving lives as a fireman. Laura confronts her son and criticizes his lying but he persuades her to back up his story and she ends up repeating the story to his class.  Dennis goes to a friend's birthday party, where he gets a body painting of the burning World Trade Center on his back. A kid who knew Dennis from summer camp happens to be at the party and he tells the other kids Dennis has been lying. Meanwhile, Laura coincidentally meets the birthday kid's mom at a gas station, and learns of the camp friend attending the party. Realizing the truth about Dennis' father will come out, she rushes to the party, but arriving too late to prevent the damage, finds her son sitting alone and crying, ostracized by the group.  One night Paul and Laura happen to be in the yard together, where they smoke pot and talk. Paul confesses he has had a crush on Laura since school and he married Kathy just to get something similar to Laura, which turned out to be a mistake. Back in high school he tried to get her attention by throwing a tennis ball over the fence and asking her for "a little help" by returning the ball. Some days later, Laura calls Paul at work and invites him to meet her. She tells Paul she regrets not returning the balls back in high school, because now she feels about him like he felt about her. She moves away a little, he comes after her, tells her she is beautiful, and they kiss.  As events unfold, Laura eventually has a breakthrough moment and we see her begin to take control of her own life, and the beginning of her healing and moving on.
In this modern day retelling of the timeless Prodigal Son Parable, young Jacob is tired of living on the family farm, submitting to the rules of his Father, Mr. Abraham. One day he demands an early inheritance from his father, who shocks his young son by agreeing to give it to him. So, he heads to the big city doing things his way without restraint, and for a while he does well-surprisingly well. He takes huge business risks and converts his small fortune into a big fortune, despite his extremely flamboyant lifestyle that attracts the wrong women, including seductive Laura, whose rich boyfriend Frank is often dangerously nearby. Jake had it all: money, ladies, prestige-but then-he loses it all and just when he thinks he's hit bottom the bottom drops some more- until he is eating out of dumpsters and eventually ends up living in a literal pig pen. Coming to his senses he heads home, determined to work in an entry-level position for his dad, who surprises him once again by running to him-but is it to kiss him or kill him?
In Atlanta, Georgia, Mabel "Madea" Simmons has been talked into getting a job at a local store by her niece Eileen Murphy. Madea gets fired on her first day.  Meanwhile, Eileen's daughter Lacey Williams, a teacher at a small school in Bucktussle, Alabama, is married to a white man named Conner whose plans to grow special corn earned him the ire of corn farmer Tanner McCoy, his school bully. The school run by Principal Nancy Porter does not have enough money to fund their annual Christmas Jubilee, forcing Lacey to ask her ex-boyfriend Oliver to fund the school through his business. While having spoken to Tanner and his wife Amber about the progress of their son Bailey in school, Lacey calls her mother and says she will be unable to come home for Christmas, but Eileen, determined to see her daughter, brings Madea and Oliver with her to visit. Eileen hopes that Lacey and Oliver might still work out as a couple. She does not know that Lacey is married to a white man, which is not what she wanted for Lacey.  Lacey brings Oliver to a town meeting and asks Madea to look after her class. A girl named Lucy steals Madea's purse while Madea tells the class a rather unorthodox version of the story of the first Christmas. When she finds her purse is missing, she loses her temper and ties Lucy to a cross decoration in the classroom much to the dismay of Lacey and Principal Porter.  Conner's parents Buddy and Kim arrive at Conner and Lacey's house for Christmas and are told to keep the marriage a secret since Eileen is staying for Christmas as well. Eileen offends Kim by cutting down her father's memory tree. Though she didn't realize the meaning, Eileen shows no remorse for the act. She is convinced Buddy and Kim are part of the Ku Klux Klan after seeing Buddy with a sheet over his head (though he was merely engaging in foreplay with Kim), and promptly bars the door to the room she and Madea are sharing.  Lacey finds out that the sponsors called the Sheldon Construction Company are forcing the school to make the Jubilee a holiday theme as opposed to a Christmas theme and that they are responsible for many of the town's citizens losing their jobs as well as their dam cutting off their lands' access to the river. Angered by these facts, Tanner demands that the Mayor of Bucktussle fire Lacey which the Mayor does.  Lacey's conflict at home reaches a boiling point when Eileen and Kim argue. Lacey tells the truth about her marriage to Conner and Eileen's true feelings about whites are revealed: her husband left her for a white woman. Eileen had lied to Lacey all those years, saying he was killed by a white man. Hypocritically angered by the lies she has heard, Eileen storms out vainly hoping for a taxi to pick her up.  Lacey admits to Conner that Tanner caused her to lose her job, setting Conner off. As Eileen walks into town, she sees Tanner in his overturned burning truck and saves his life. Conner walks up to the scene and punches Tanner before demanding Eileen get in his truck. Madea and Connor's parents advise Eileen to accept Lacey's marriage. With Amber with him, Tanner arrives to apologize for everything and to thank Eileen for saving him as he will also speak with the Mayor on rehiring Lacey tomorrow. Connor finally gets Tanner to listen about his corn-growing plans.  At the Christmas Jubilee with her family, Lacey thanks the Sheldon Construction Company and announces their promises to help Bucktussle (which were not in the original agreement) by letting some water out of their dam, knowing the repercussions the company would face if they were to back out. She reveals to Oliver that she is married to Conner as the school's students led by Bailey start singing.
In Maxine, Georgia, A.J., Jesse, and Sylvia are planning a surprise party to celebrate the 40th wedding anniversary of their parents Vianne and Anthony with the assistance of A.J.'s wife, Carol. Madea, Joe, Brian, Aunt Bam, and Hattie travel to the backwoods of Georgia for the anniversary party. Also in attendance for the anniversary party is Madea and Joe's brother Heathrow. On the way, they deal with a manic, rude police officer which they are surprised when he acts nice all of a sudden.  At last, they get to their hotel—and catch Anthony in a sex act with Renee, Vianne's best friend, while A.J. is in the next room with Jesse's fiancée Gia. Anthony suffers a heart attack from sex with Renee, and Brian tries to resuscitate him, after which he is rushed to the hospital. Anthony's family is informed of the incident and meets up with Brian's group. As Vianne praises Brian for trying his best to resuscitate Anthony, a doctor informs the entire group that Anthony is dead.   A.J. and Madea's group keep the exact cause of death a secret from the rest of the family. Renee and A.J. blackmail each other to keep their secrets hidden and A.J. blames Renee for his father's affair and death. But Renee responds saying "I'm not the one [to be played with]."   Vianne asks Madea to plan Anthony's funeral and says she wants to have it in two days, which makes everyone suspicious. The undertaker at the funeral gives Madea, Bam, and Hattie a creepy vibe as he informs them that Anthony died smiling and that the casket cannot close because of Anthony's erection. At the funeral, presided over by Madea, non-family members are made to sit on one side of the room, but the area is filled with numerous mistresses from Anthony's, visibly upsetting Vianne. The service lasts for hours until the casket abruptly opens (for the aforementioned reason) causing everyone to leave in a panic.   At the repast, a drunk A.J. reveals Anthony and Renee's affair. Renee then exposes A.J.'s affair with Gia as she gets kicked out of the house. This makes a heartbroken Carol to decide to leave him. A.J. and Jesse fight and Vianne tearfully reveals that she knows that Anthony has been unfaithful for years. Despite this, she only stayed with him to protect her family, and is choosing to live for herself from now on. When A.J. scolds her for being weak, she retaliates by saying he is just a boy and spiteful to others, forcing him to own up to what his actions and what they did to those around.  In the morning, Madea gets A.J. to apologize and try reconciling with Carol. Despite forgiving A.J., Carol refuses to stay with him claiming she wants to live freely. Vianne happily wishes the family luck as she leaves for Las Vegas with Roy, revealing that she was also having an affair while noting that Roy should have been their father. Madea, Bam, Hattie, and Carol then take their leave, so that A.J., Sylvia, and Jesse can sort out their issues.
Major Alexandra Everett, a decorated Marine officer (Dreya Weber) unexpectedly returns home from the Iraq War and is quickly recruited to help Saffron (Paris P. Pickard), a troubled teen, prepare for boot camp. However, when the true reasons for Alexandra's return become known, it threatens the future for both of them.
Halvard Solness (Shawn) is an aging architect of a small town in Norway, who has managed to attain some distinction and local reputation; he has long been married to Aline (Hagerty). One day while his friend Doctor Herdal (Pine) is visiting, Solness has another caller: 22-year-old out-of-towner Hilde Wangel (Joyce), whom the Doctor promptly recognizes from a recent trip.  Soon after the Doctor leaves and Solness is alone with Hilde, she reminds him that they are not strangers; they previously met in her home 10 years ago when she was 12. When Solness does not respond to her quickly enough, she reminds him that at one point he made advances to her, offered a romantic interlude, and promised her "castles in the sky" during their encounter, which she believed. He denies this, but she gradually convinces him that she can assist him with his household duties and he brings her into his home.  During the construction of his most recent project, which includes towering steeples, Hilde learns that Solness suffers from acrophobia, a morbid fear of extreme heights, but nonetheless encourages him to climb the steeples to their very heights at the public opening of the newly-completed building. Inspired by her words, Solness begins his ascent to the top of the steeples. At this point it is revealed that this entire time with Hilde been imagined. Solness never left his bed. As, in the imaginary setting, Solness hangs the wreath on the new house he built for his wife, he dies.
In 2013 Michigan, Rachel Whitaker has been raised as an evangelical Christian by her loving parents, and is celebrating a going-away party with her friends and family, as she is all set to go to college. However, after she begins to be influenced by her biology professor, Dr. Kaman, who is an atheist, she begins to question her own Christian faith, and in particular the biblical story in Genesis about creationism. Dr. Kaman teaches his students the scientifically proven theory of evolution, rather than the biblical concept of creationism, and his charisma, intelligence, and light-hearted approach to the topic of evolution makes him popular with the students.   Dr. Kaman teaches that all complex life forms evolved from simpler life forms over millions of years, and that the Biblical theory of creationism is not a probable alternative. Rachel's father Stephen is concerned by the change in his daughter's personality and beliefs, and goes to confront the arrogant professor in his office, finding himself challenged to a debate on religion much to the embarrassment of his daughter. As he prepares, Stephen is approached by a sympathetic student, Evan, who tells him to go see a former biology professor named Professor Portland, who was fired several years ago at Kaman's behest for teaching creationism to his students and for arguing to them that the theory of evolution was untrue and made-up by man. Professor Portland initially refuses efforts to "get him back in the game" and angrily tells Stephen to go away and not bother him anymore.   Rachel is then seen in the campus library studying books about evolution, when another student approaches her and tells her that her dad is an idiot for attempting to debunk Dr. Kaman and for rejecting the theory of evolution. Evan shows up, insults the student, and claims to prove that evolution is not possible because the student's parents and grandparents do not look like apes. Evan tells the student all humans only "evolved" from other humans, and that the only common ancestors all humans share are Adam and Eve. The student walks away dumbfounded and confused by Evan's argument. Rachel lashes out at Evan, and claims she embarrassed him. He tells her "I wasn't defending you," claiming that he instead was defending Jesus, God, and Christianity instead of her, and that he just coincidentally showed up right then.   Evan moves to a different area of the school library, and he overhears two other students talking badly about Rachel. Evan listens in to their conversation and realizes that Rachel's newfound romantic interest, Tyler, is planning to take advantage of her by inviting her to a Saturday night party just so her can get her drunk and have sex with her. Evan calls Rachel on her phone but she refuses to talk to him after he embarrassed her in the library earlier, so Evan shows up to her dorm. He accuses Rachel of rejecting Christianity, being brainwashed, and disrespecting God. Rachel gets even angrier at him and storms off. Before she goes back into her dorm room, Evan shouts out that Tyler is using her, and that he is only dating her because he wants to have sex and is attempting to steal her virginity and push her further away from God. Rachel is shocked by this and thanks Evan for alerting her about it.   Rachel goes to see Tyler and dumps him. Tyler confronts his friends, pushes them hard, and yells at them for ruining his chances of having sex with Rachel. His friends say that Rachel was a lost cause anyway because she was way too religious and scrupulous for him, and that they did him a favor by getting Rachel to dump him. Tyler then implies that it is actually all Evan's fault.   During the night of the debate, Dr. Kaman debates Rachel's father Stephen, and makes all sorts of arguments against creationism, religion, and the afterlife. Dr. Kaman seems to be winning the debate against Stephen, who argues that God is necessary for the world and man to have been created and that without religion that would mean that there would be no morals or purpose in life, and offers the Bible as  viable proof of this. Just when Dr. Kaman is about to finish off Rachel's father, Professor Portland comes onto the stage, revealed to be sitting in the audience, and says that everything Dr. Kaman said is wrong. Professor Portland takes over for Stephen's father to debate Dr. Kaman, argues that life cannot come from non-life, that the Bible is God's word, that evolution is not actually scientifically proven, and that Earth is not billions of years old or even millions of years old. He then personally tells Dr. Kaman that he hated him for years after he got him fired from the university, but that he realizes now that he was wrong to hate Dr. Kaman and that hating solves nothing. He says that biology classes should teach both evolution and creationism and let the students decide for themselves which one to believe. Professor Portland then approaches Dr. Kaman on stage and asks for forgiveness, and he tries to convert him to Christianity. Dr. Kaman has no words to respond to this, and he concedes the debate. The audience claps for Professor Portland.   Later, Evan and Rachel are seen in the dorm together. Evan asks Rachel to be his girlfriend and Rachel agrees. Evan takes Rachel to a nature preserve, and claims that it is a very special place for him. Rachel asks why, and Evan explains inadvertently that he was there years ago when he met Rachel. Rachel does not know what he is talking about but he reveals that he stole a coin from a girl there a long time ago and then felt bad about it and became a Christian. This happened to Rachel and she is that girl, and Evan found out about this when he was talking to Rachel's father earlier in the movie. Rachel realizes that Evan was the one who took the coin, and she forgives him for stealing it. Rachel hugs Evan, and the movie ends.
Boyd Mitchler must spend Christmas with his estranged family of misfits. Upon realizing that he left all of his son's gifts at home, he hits the road with his dad in an attempt to make the 8-hour round trip before sunrise.
In 1882, in the town of Old Stump, Arizona, timid sheep farmer Albert Stark's girlfriend Louise breaks up with him because of his refusal to defend himself in a duel. He prepares to migrate to San Francisco, believing that the frontier offers nothing for him. Meanwhile, infamous outlaw Clinch Leatherwood shoots and kills an old prospector over a single gold nugget. He orders his right-hand man, Lewis, to escort his wife Anna to Old Stump while he continues his banditry.  Lewis and Anna arrive in Old Stump under the guise of two siblings intending to build a farm, but Lewis is arrested after shooting the pastor's son in a saloon fight. During the brawl, Albert saves Anna from being crushed to death, and the two become close friends. They attend a county fair where Louise's new boyfriend, the arrogant Foy, challenges Albert to a shooting contest. Albert loses, but Anna steps in and defeats Foy. Foy publicly humiliates Albert, who impulsively challenges Foy to a duel in a week's time to win back Louise. Anna then spends the week teaching Albert how to shoot.  During a barn dance the night before the duel, Anna gives Foy a Mickey. After leaving the dance, Albert and Anna kiss before heading home. After breaking out of jail and murdering the sheriff, Lewis observes the kiss and reports it to Clinch. On the day of the duel, Foy arrives late and gets diarrhea from the laxative he had unknowingly drunk. Albert, who has decided that Louise is not worth fighting for, forfeits anyway. He retires to the saloon, but Clinch arrives and reveals that Anna is his wife, threatening to kill more people unless his wife's lover duels him the next day. Later, Clinch confronts Anna by demanding that she reveal Albert's name and his whereabouts, or he will kill her. Before he attempts to rape her, she knocks him unconscious with a rock and escapes.  Anna returns to Albert's farm to warn him about Clinch, but he chastises her for lying to him. Clinch, having regained consciousness, tracks down Anna to the farm, but Albert helps her escape, then escapes himself. While fleeing, he is captured by a tribe of Apache Indians, who threaten to burn him alive. The Apaches spare him when he reveals that he can speak their language. They give him a bowl of peyote, which sends him flashing back to his birth and through painful events of his childhood before a vision of Anna makes him realize he loves her.  Meanwhile, Clinch recaptures Anna in town, but Albert returns to Old Stump and confronts him. He wounds Clinch with a bullet dipped in rattlesnake venom before his own gun is shot out of his hand but manages to stall until Clinch dies from the poison. Louise attempts to win back Albert, but he rejects her and instead happily enters into a relationship with Anna. Albert also receives a bounty for killing Clinch and uses the money to buy more sheep.  In the post-credits scene, Django Freeman comes up to challenge the offensive "Runaway Slave" game at the town fair's shooting gallery, but instead shoots the owner.
12-year-old Conor O'Malley has a close bond with his seriously ill mother and maintains the household during her regular chemotherapy treatments at the hospital. His grandmother often visits, and suggests he come live with her in the event of his mother's death. Conor does not warm to her due to her coldness.  At school, he is regularly tormented by his classmate Harry. He is also plagued by a nightmare in which the old church near his house collapses into a hole, where he tries to prevent his mum from plummeting to her death by trying to hold onto her. Conor vents his emotions by drawing, a talent inherited from his mother.  One night at exactly seven minutes past midnight, he sees the large yew tree next to the church transform into a gnarled Monster that approaches his home. The Monster says it will tell Conor three stories during their next meetings, after which Conor must tell the Monster a fourth tale in return.  In the Monster's first story, a prince escapes from his stepgrandmother, the supposedly evil queen. He then kills his sleeping bride under a yew tree and makes the queen the scapegoat so the people drive her away and make him king.  As Conor's mother worsens, he moves in with his grandmother. In the evening, Conor summons the Monster by forcing the hands of the clock to show 12:07. He appears, and tells the second story. In the tale, a hard-hearted parson forbids an apothecary from extracting medicine from an old yew tree, only to rescind this measure when his own children become ill. The apothecary refuses to help him, and the Monster begins to destroy the parson's house as punishment. Conor enthusiastically joins in on the destruction, but he suddenly finds he has angrily destroyed his grandmother's sitting room and valuable grandfather clock instead. His grandmother, while shocked and upset, does not punish Conor.  The doctors turn to a final treatment involving yew wood. Conor implores the Monster to heal his mother, only for the Monster to dismiss the matter as outside of his responsibility. At school, Harry tells Conor he will no longer bother him because he "no longer sees [him]". The Monster tells the third story of an invisible man who did not want to be so. Conor angrily attacks Harry, hospitalizing him. To his surprise, the headmistress refrains from punishing him as she comprehends his current home situation.  When it becomes clear his mother will die, Conor runs to the yew tree, where the Monster forces him to relive his recurring nightmare. This time we see it is his mother dangling for her life over a precipice, holding onto Conor's hand. He slowly loses his grip until his mother disappears into the enormous sinkhole. The monster then confronts Conor and repeatedly demands he tell his fourth tale, as it is the only way for him to be set free. Conor pleads not to, believing that the truth would kill him.  Eventually, Conor admits that he had long suspected his mother would not survive and secretly hoped she would die to end their suffering, although at the same time he did not want her to die. In his recurring nightmare, he subconsciously lets go of his mother's hand, which fills him with guilt. The Monster commends Conor for his bravery in telling the truth and tells him it is human to feel the way he did.  Conor's grandmother finds him asleep under the yew tree and drives to the hospital where the mother is about to die. Conor embraces his mother, and she glances at the Monster and dies at exactly seven minutes past midnight. Conor returns to his grandmother's house, where his mother's old room has been refurbished for him. There he finds his mother's childhood art book, which depicts the stories that were told to him by the Monster, and a drawing of his mother as a child on the Monster's shoulder.
In 1981 New York City, trucking company owner Abel Morales has had several trucks hijacked, ones carrying heating oil. Driver Julian is severely beaten by two hijackers. Abel's wife Anna beseeches Abel to fight violence with violence, but he refuses. Morales and his company are under investigation by Assistant District Attorney Lawrence, who seems determined to expose price fixing, tax evasion, and various other illegalities in the heating oil business.  Morales's attorney, Andrew Walsh, brokers a deal with a group of Hasidic Jews headed by Joseph Mendelsohn to purchase a fuel oil terminal on the East River for $1.5 million. Morales makes a large down payment with the understanding that he will close in 30 days or lose his money.  After moving into a new home, Morales chases an intruder, then finds a dropped gun. He confronts his competitors but they deny involvement. A Teamsters boss suggests Morales's drivers should carry handguns with fake permits. Morales refuses, fearing for his legitimate business reputation.  Julian is again accosted by hijackers, and they shoot at each other. The police chase Julian and the others, who all escape. Morales's bank says that, due to the impending criminal indictments and this violent incident, it can no longer finance his purchase of the terminal.  Morales gets a loan from competitors Saul and Lorraine Lefkowitz in exchange for partial use of the terminal, but it won't cover the entire purchase. Morales raises more money by taking out a mortgage on a building he owns with his younger brother. Another hijacking is reported, and he stops the stolen truck. The hijacker says he sells the oil in Far Rockaway. Morales confronts a competitor who has facilities in Far Rockaway, threatening to call the authorities. Morales is paid for the stolen oil but is still $600,000 short of the purchase price.  Morales visits another competitor, Mafia-affiliated Peter Forente, to ask for the remaining money. Forente warns him that any such loan will be on onerous terms and tells him to think things through before committing to it. Dismayed, Morales tells Anna about Peter's terms and she confesses that she has been skimming from the company for years, storing the money in a secret account. Anna convinces Abel to use this money instead of a loan from Forente.  Morales and Walsh pay the note and take possession of the terminal. Julian arrives carrying a gun, clearly unstable and bemoaning his self-inflicted circumstances. After a brief exchange and a request that Morales take care of his family, Julian kills himself. Morales tells Lawrence that the broader investigations into his firm are hurting his business, and that they should find a conclusion at some point. Lawrence agrees in general terms and suggests that the new oil terminal will develop Morales' business and give him "political influence." Lawrence then hints that Morales might be able to help him with his higher aspirations. Morales claims that he has always taken the path that is "most right".
Medy (Pokwang) is a makeup artist living in the Philippines with her family, composed of her jobless husband (Nonie Buencamino), a son (Aaron Junatas, and later, Rayver Cruz), and an infant daughter. She regularly does the make-up of a popular concert star, who later on chose her as a personal make-up artist in a concert tour in the United States. While in America, she met her former classmate Helen (Beth Tamayo) who convinced Medy to stay in the country to be an illegal migrant worker. She decides to take Helen's offer, in hopes that working abroad will bring the prosperity her family seeks.  Following her friend's suggestions, Medy works as a front desk operator at a children's drama studio. Medy quickly becomes a natural at her job, becoming a favorite among students, particularly with a young girl named Cherry. When Medy learns that her earnings are not enough to cover the medicine for her sick daughter Queenie (Xyriel Manabat), she follows Helen's suggestion to work as a stay-in housekeeper for a couple who works as lawyers.  While working for the couple, Medy endures verbal and physical abuse. She also is barred contact with her family in the Philippines, with the couple going so far as confiscating her passport from her, so she cannot leave. Medy endures the hardship in hopes of a better life for her family, and with the help of Cherry, the student in the dance studio who turned out to be the couple's daughter. Medy also has Helen, whom she trusts to send her earnings and other gifts to her family.  After seven years, Medy decides to leave the abusive couple. Fortunately, Cherry takes pity on her, and illicitly gives her passport back. Medy then seeks legal advice from a lawyer named Atty. Michael J. Gurfinkel, who advises her that she has a strong right to file a case against the family for illegal detention, physical injuries, and hiring someone like her as an undocumented citizen. Medy also confronts Helen, when she learns that not all her earnings made it to her family.  Medy comes home to an impartial family reunion. She finds out that her husband is seeing another woman, leaving her children in her mother's care, Choleng. While her daughter is grateful to finally meet her, her son feels betrayed by a mother who left her to fend for themselves. Medy files for an annulment.  When Medy tells her family about the hardships she endured in the United States, her family finally understands her. Medy also receives a phone call from Atty. Gurfinkel stating that she won the case against the abusive couple. She gains back wages and additional money from emotional distress. This piece of good news lifts Medy's spirit, and she starts to rebuild her life with her mother and her children. After a joyous Christmas celebration, King decides to go abroad just like his mother, hoping for a better future. The whole family wishes him the best of luck.
Police Captain Adam Foret (Jacob Fishel) arrives at Fort Jackson, a civil war era fort to watch a meteor shower. He is soon joined by Nicole Hughes (Pepper Binkley), a free-spirited pediatric nurse. As the night progress, Adam and Nicole engage in a rhythmic dialogue ballet,  revealing intimate personal information about themselves; their passion, marriage, worldview, love and pain.
Forced to give up his land and home, cantankerous Texas rancher Red Bovie isn't about to go quietly to the dismal trailer park that's all he can now afford. Instead, Red departs with his grandson Gally (son of his long-estranged son Jimmy) for a road trip to what Red calls "Old Mexico". They pick up Moon and J.T., two hitch-hikers who have stolen over $150,000 in drug money. But Red drives off without them after they steal his beer, unaware of a satchel holding $150,000 in drug money they left in his car. They arrive in Mexico, still pursued by the drug dealers, who are pursued in turn by the assassin Cholo looking to recover the stolen money.  Red and Gally enjoy the town's attractions during the Mexican Day of the Dead festival. As night falls, they visit a brothel for dancing and drinks. They later meet Patty Wafers, a down on her luck stripper turned nightclub singer. She is intrigued by Red's fearless and outrageous behavior. Cholo kills J.T. and Moon, and is now in pursuit of Red.  Patty tries to help them use some of the money to return to America undetected across the border, but Cholo catches up with them and takes the cash. They pursue him, then they pursue Panama, another drug cartel member who was disappointed in Cholo's performance and shot him.  As Red and Patty's affection grows, Red begins to lose interest in the illicit money. But Gally, seeking to assert his identity after the death of his father, takes up the pursuit. They eventually overpower Panama and recover the money, leaving him to be arrested. Patty invites Red to live with her in her small hometown in northern Mexico. He accepts and is happy to go with her, knowing that with $150,000, they will live like royalty. As they part ways and Gally returns to the U.S., Red tells Gally that he has "found himself a grandson" and they part on good terms.
While at the Springwood Diner, Dean Russell falls asleep at the table and is attacked by a severely burned man in seared clothes wearing a bladed gardener's glove on his right hand. In the dream, the burned man cuts Dean’s throat; in reality, Dean cuts his own throat as his friends Kris Fowles and Nancy Holbrook look on.   At Dean's funeral, Kris sees a photograph of her and Dean as children but cannot recall knowing Dean before high school. Kris begins to have nightmares about the burned man and then refuses to go to sleep for fear that she will die like Dean. Jesse Braun, Kris' ex-boyfriend, shows up to keep her company while she sleeps, but Kris meets the burned man in her dreams and is murdered. Covered in Kris' blood, Jesse runs to Nancy's house and learns that Nancy has been having nightmares about the same man — Freddy Krueger.  Jesse is arrested by the police under suspicion of murdering Kris and is killed by Krueger when he falls asleep in his jail cell. As her friends die, Nancy questions everyone's connection to each other, given that none of them can remember each other before their teenage years. Nancy and her friend Quentin Smith discover that they attended the same preschool. Nancy's mother Gwen reluctantly tells Nancy and Quentin about Krueger, the preschool's groundskeeper who was accused of molesting the children, including Nancy. Gwen explains that Nancy was his favorite and that she came home one day and told her mother about the things Krueger did to her in a secret location. Gwen alerted the other parents, including Quentin's father Alan, but she told the teenagers that Krueger escaped before he was arrested. Refusing to believe her mother's story, Nancy attempts to track down the remaining kids from the school but discovers that all of them have been killed. Following Jesse's death, only she and Quentin are left. Meanwhile, Quentin falls asleep during his swim practice and sees a flashback to the parents, led by Alan, tracking Krueger down and burning him alive.  As a result of their insomnia, Nancy and Quentin have sporadic microsleeps and become hypnagogic, causing them to dream and hallucinate randomly. To try to stop Krueger, they decide to go to the preschool to learn what they can. On the way, Nancy is attacked by Krueger when she hallucinates, during which she pulls a piece of Krueger's sweater out of the dream world into reality. Quentin takes Nancy to the hospital, where he steals adrenaline to help them stay awake. Nancy and Quentin eventually make it to the preschool and uncover Krueger's hidden room to find proof of his crimes; they realize that Krueger, now a vengeful ghost, wants revenge on them for disclosing his abuse. Nancy decides to pull Krueger out of the dream world and kill him in the real world. Quentin tries to stay awake long enough to pull Nancy out of her dream when she grabs Krueger, but he falls asleep and is attacked.  Krueger goes after Nancy and explains that he deliberately left her for last so that she would be comatose. Quentin awakens and uses the adrenaline to wake Nancy, who then pulls Krueger into reality. They fight and Nancy uses a broken paper cutter blade to kill him before she torches the room with Krueger's body inside. She and Quentin escape and are rescued by the police officers and firefighters, who are unable to find Krueger's remains. After Nancy and her mother return home from the hospital, Krueger suddenly appears in the mirror's reflection. While Nancy screams, Krueger kills Nancy's mother before pulling her body through a mirror and disappearing.
After making a name for himself in the advertising world, Nate Shepard is fired for being out of touch with the times and technology. Out at a restaurant, where he is to meet up with his girlfriend Adi and another couple, drinking his woes away at the bar, Nate meets the instantly desirable Jenny. They connect wonderfully and soon discover that they are actually waiting for each other.  When their other halves arrive, (Adi and Buddy) it seems as though they bring out the worst in Nate and Jenny. Dinner is uncomfortable and after dinner is made even more uncomfortable when Adi breaks up with Nate due to his lack of ambition and money.  Meanwhile, Jenny leaves town for a wedding and Buddy refuses to go with her so he can party with his best friend, LA hipster Sam Steele. Together, Buddy and Sam party, find girls, and consume an enormous amount of cocaine. Buddy ends up hooking up with a girl at the club and doing even more cocaine. The next day we find out that Buddy has overdosed and died. We're led to believe the girl he hooked up with called 911, but it's not certain.  Jenny is in shock. Nate attends the memorial and once again, Nate and Jenny connect. Jenny soon realizes she needs to be out of the apartment she shared with her deceased boyfriend and through the recommendation of a mutual friend, she finds herself at Nate's Brooklyn loft to see if a roommate situation might work out. As Nate and Jenny start to co-mingle their lives, everything gets a new perspective. Nate's budding career as a novelist gains traction, and Jenny begins her journey to get over Buddy.  After living with Nate for several weeks, Jenny decides to invite him to her family thanksgiving celebration.  The celebration falls apart when Jenny and her father get into a fight and Jenny calls her parents out for not keeping in touch to make sure she's okay after her boyfriend died. After Jenny leaves the room and Nate follows, they end up having sex in what appears to be her childhood bedroom at Jenny's request.
The film immediately introduces the two main protagonists. Paris (Jessica Clark) is a young, dark-haired woman who works as a high-priced escort/call-girl, but is a creative artist by nature. Rebecca (Barbara Niven) is a rich, blonde, middle-aged wife. The initial voice-over also narrates a cancer affliction that has grown beyond hope.  Rebecca has lived a wealthy yet unhappy existence in creating a seemingly perfect family with her husband Mason Westridge (John Heard). The signs of trouble are their hostility towards each other and conflicting opinions about whether Jessica, Rebecca's only daughter who has a different father, should receive equal stock shares of the family business as her two half-brothers. It is revealed that Mason had attempted to, and possibly succeeded in, sexually assaulting Jessica.  Rebecca feels an emotional emptiness and confides in her two lesbian best friends that she has never had an orgasm, and that she and Mason only have sex once every six months, which is fine with her. One of her friends suggests that Rebecca try a very discreet escort service run by her own cousin (Morgan Fairchild).  It is then that Rebecca meets Paris and through a series of very discreet meetings, Rebecca eventually warms up to Paris' gentle advances and achieves her goals of having sex with another woman, and experiencing true happiness and satisfaction.  We learn that Paris, who is well appreciated for her services, seems to be in agony over a past mistake that had led her to this profession. It is implied that Paris' husband died after she accidentally pushed him into the road and he was hit by a car shortly after their wedding day. It is Rebecca who later helps Paris to let go of her past and heal.  Meanwhile, one of the three Westridge children finds the medical report of inoperable cancer that Mason Westridge has been hiding in his office desk. They all confront Rebecca and ask whether she had known about it all along. The children assume that the report refers to their father, and Rebecca tells her children that and they are not to mention it. Rebecca contacts another escort, Paris' friend, and gives her an envelope of money to help Paris leave the escort world and pursue her artistic talents. She reveals that she is the one who has cancer, and that she is dying. Afterwards, Rebecca makes the courageous decision to say goodbye to Paris.  Towards the end of the movie, Rebecca is seen as a butterfly, beautiful girl and such a kind human. Someone who has learned to spread her wings because of her relationship with Paris.  In the final scene, Paris has her own art exhibition after Rebecca's funeral. Jessica approaches Paris and introduces herself, as the two lesbian best friends watch, and says, "I want to learn about my mother at the end."
A wandering man (Schreiber) has an affair with the wrong woman, leading to a separation.
Billy Moore, a young British boxer and troubled heroin addict, is arrested in Thailand after being charged with possession of stolen goods and a firearm.   Incarcerated into Klong Prem prison, Billy is quickly subjugated to the horrors of Thai prison life, including being moved into a crowded mass ruled by cell boss Keng, forced to sleep next to a corpse and witnessing at knifepoint the rape of a fellow inmate. Billy's experiences with the other prisoners and personnel are tense, at one point going into a violent frenzy and biting into the neck of a corrections officer after being refused painkillers. Following his punishment, Billy attempts to befriend a transgender prisoner named Fame. Life in prison worsens for Billy, and he retreats into heavy drug abuse; he subsequently beats two Muslim chefs half to death after being bribed ya ba by a corrupt corrections officer.  Billy's psyche finally breaks; he attempts suicide by slitting his wrist, though he survives. With a desperate need to fight again and battle his demons, Billy eventually joins the boxing team with the help of Fame, with whom he later develops a romance. Billy quickly adapts to the art of Muay Thai and wins his first bout in a close back-and-forth brawl. Impressed by his performance, prison warden Preecha has him transferred into the boxing team cell, being the first foreigner to compete in the national Muay Thai tournament and represent the prison.   There he soon develops a camaraderie with the other boxers, receiving a tattoo on his back. However, Billy is ambushed by Keng and his gang, who threaten him with a pin prick attack if he loses the tournament. Even worse, it is established that Billy is suffering from a hernia due to his drug abuse, and any subsequent damage could result in severe internal bleeding. Regardless, Billy still desires to compete. The resulting match is gruelling for Billy, as he takes multiple shots to the stomach and is also fouled by his opponent. However, Billy manages to knock him out with a spinning back elbow and wins the fight using what he learned. Despite the victory, the physical trauma is too much, and Billy ends up vomiting blood and passing out.  Billy is quickly rushed to the hospital, and after waking up, he sneaks out of the building and into the cityscape. Billy soon reconsiders his actions and returns to the hospital. After being transferred, he meets his father (played by the real Billy Moore), and the two exchange a solemn smile. Closing titles reveal that after serving three years, Billy Moore was transferred to a UK prison and released on an amnesty by the King of Thailand in October 2010. Since his release, he has devoted his life to working with other addicts and fighting to maintain his recovery.
Jules Daly is an antique store worker in Buffalo, New York, who becomes the legal guardian of her niece Maddie and nephew Milo after the loss of her sister and brother-in-law. Maddie is a fun-loving girl and Milo is a rebel and troublemaking teenager. After Jules gets fired by Arthur due to financial problems and the children's babysitter Mrs. Kelly quits following Maddie's pranks, Jules reprimands Maddie for driving the nanny away and grounds Milo for sneaking out, shoplifting a game, and decapitating Maddie's doll to keep her quiet. In addition, Milo doesn't want to go get a Christmas tree with Jules due to the fact that Christmas reminds him of his parents' death.  Paisley Winterbottom, the butler of the children's wealthy grandfather, Duke Edward appears with an invitation for Milo and Maddie to spend the Christmas holidays with his employer in the country of Castlebury. Jules initially refuses, but decides to go for the children's sake when Paisley claims that the Duke is ill.  Arriving at the palace where the Duke is in good health, Jules meets Prince Ashton, the brother of her sister's husband Charles and falls in love with him. Looking around, she finds no Christmas trees and asks the Duke why there are none. He replies he doesn't like them. However, Jules takes Maddie out to get a tree and then they all decorate it. Edward finds out and becomes furious until Maddie hands him an ornament, which turns out to be the same one his brother had given him when they were children. Finally appreciating the spirit of the season, he tells Paisley to send invitations out for a Christmas Eve ball.  While teaching Milo archery, Ashton talks about his brother Charles and how the Duke disowned him for marrying Jules' sister which led to Jules' resentment towards the Duke. Maddie manages to warm her grandfather's warm heart enough to get him to change his opinion towards Christmas.  Overhearing Ashton and Edward speaking disapprovingly of someone "untitled" and "crass" they'd rather not invite to the ball, Jules mistakenly believes it to be about her, though they are actually talking about someone else.  When the staff accidentally burns Jules' dress, she takes this as an excuse not to attend. Jules, feeling unwelcome, decides to go back to the USA early only telling the children. Despite their efforts to make her stay, she leaves, asking them not to tell anyone until she is gone. The housekeeper Mrs. Birch finds that Jules is missing. So she and Paisley lead some members of the staff to retrieve her. They pick her up the train station while also having a dress brought in from Vienna.  Meanwhile at the ball, Ashton verifies his girlfriend, Lady Arabella, only wants him for his title. Jules arrives at the ball. When Ashton finds her, she says she is trying to not be an embarrassment. Confused, he asks for an explanation. After Jules explains her eavesdropping, Ashton clears things up, noting that the woman they called an "awful grizzly woman" was Bunny McCracken, who hates children. They then dance. Arabella and her parents unsuccessfully attempt to turn Edward and Ashton against Jules, then storm out. Ashton asks Jules to extend their stay and she agrees.  The family then "catches" Santa putting gifts under the Christmas tree. Sometime later, Jules and Ashton are married, and their friends and family watch as they ride off in a coach together.
Marie Colvin is an American journalist for The Sunday Times, visiting the most dangerous countries and documenting their civil wars.  In 2001, while trekking with the Tamil Tigers, Colvin and her crew are ambushed by the Sri Lanka Army. Despite her attempt to surrender, an RPG fires in her direction, wounding her to the point that she loses her left eye. Afterward, Colvin decides to wear an eyepatch.  Diagnosed with PTSD, Colvin is still determined to look for new stories, and argues with her boss, Sean Ryan, about conflicts she wants to cover, including Iraq, where she meets war photographer Paul Conroy, and Libya. She lives in London when not traveling the world, and begins a relationship with Tony Shaw (Stanley Tucci).  In February 2012, Conroy and Colvin decide to cover the conflict in the city of Homs, where they find 28,000 Syrian men, women, and children caught in the crossfire. After Conroy and Colvin send their story to Ryan, Colvin decides to broadcast to CNN to bring awareness to civilian casualties. As Marie, Paul, and another reporter, Rémi Ochlik, flee the building they had used as a media centre, the street is peppered with explosions. Paul, injured and shellshocked, wakes to find Colvin and Ochlik killed from the explosions and subsequent pile-up of rubble.  The film ends with imagery of the devastated city of Homs, followed by an interview of the real Marie Colvin, with the quote: "You're never going to get to where you're going if you acknowledge fear."
When tragedy strikes three families, their destiny forces them on a converging path to discover God's love, grace and mercy as the challenges of their fate could also resurrect their beliefs.
Sightless aliens with sharp hearing and impenetrable armor plating have taken over the planet and killed most of the human population. The Abbott family – mother Evelyn, father Lee, deaf daughter Regan, and sons Marcus and Beau – live on their isolated farm in the middle of a forest in upstate New York, and have survived by taking precautions such as laying sand paths to avoid stepping on crunching leaves and using American Sign Language when communicating.  When the family goes into the nearby town for supplies, Beau finds a toy space shuttle, but Lee makes him leave it behind due to the noise it would make if powered on. As they are getting ready to leave, Regan secretly gives him back the toy, but without its batteries. When they leave, Beau takes back the batteries without anyone noticing. While walking back home, Beau turns on the space shuttle, which starts making noise. Almost immediately, Beau is killed by a nearby creature.  Over a year after Beau's death, the family has seemingly gone back to normal, with Evelyn several months pregnant. Marcus reluctantly goes fishing with Lee while Regan, upset that she cannot go, visits Beau's grave. While everybody is gone, Evelyn goes into labor and while heading to the basement, she accidentally steps on a nail and smashes a photo frame, alerting nearby creatures in the area. Holding back her tears in agony, Evelyn enters the basement to flip a switch, turning the surrounding lights around the house red. She bypasses a creature in the house using an egg timer, and Marcus and Lee drive the creature out of the house using fireworks, allowing Evelyn to safely give birth to her baby.  Regan, seeing the fireworks, runs back to the house. Lee then enters the house and brings the baby and Evelyn into a hiding spot under the floor in the barn outside. The baby cries, alerting a creature into the barn. This creature fails to find the source, but breaks some water pipes. Evelyn wakes up in the flooded hideout with the creature still inside and is forced to hide behind the falling water to mask her sound.  Marcus and Regan go to the top of a corn silo and light a signal fire to other distant farms, but Marcus falls into the silo and gets stuck in the corn. The creature in the hideout runs towards the silo and attacks Regan and Marcus. The creature's disruptive effect on electronics causes Regan's cochlear implant to emit a high pitched noise which causes the creature to reel in pain and retreat, breaking a hole in the silo which frees the children. Lee finds Regan and Marcus, directing them to the truck, and is then wounded by a creature. The creature proceeds to ambush the vehicle due to Marcus’ screams, but Lee instead proceeds to yell to draw the creature’s attention, sacrificing himself to the creature in order to allow Marcus and Regan to coast in the truck back to the house safely.  Making their way back to their house and being greeted by Evelyn, they hear the screeches of a nearby creature. They make their way back into the house, where the creature enters and ambushes them. Regan, realizing the weakness the creature had to the high-pitched noise from her cochlear implant, proceeds to remove her implant and place it on a microphone, amplifying the high pitched noise that causes the creature to reel in pain and expose its soft vulnerable inner mouth, allowing Evelyn to shoot it dead. Now armed with a new weapon against the creatures, the family prepare to defend themselves from other creatures.
Gatsby Welles, the brainy but eccentric son of wealthy New York City-based parents, is a student at Yardley College, a liberal arts school in upstate New York. He is also a successful gambler. When his girlfriend, Ashleigh Enright, a journalism major from Tucson, has to travel to Manhattan to interview esteemed independent film director Roland Pollard for the student newspaper, Gatsby tags along, planning a romantic weekend in the city, while trying to avoid his parents who are holding a gala in the evening, and with whom he has a conflicted relationship.  Ashleigh's interview with Pollard is supposed to last one hour, but the director invites her to a private screening of his new film, which ruins her plans with Gatsby, much to his dismay. Strolling alone through New York, Gatsby bumps into a film student friend who is shooting a short film and who asks him to stand in for a missing actor for a shot that involves kissing his co-star. To Gatsby's surprise, the actress turns out to be Chan Tyrell, the younger sister of a former girlfriend. The two of them run into each other again when they both hail the same cab. Gatsby's romantic plans with Ashleigh are further delayed by Ashleigh getting increasingly involved with Pollard, who is having a creative crisis, and his long-suffering screenwriter, Ted Davidoff.  Feeling abandoned and without an itinerary, Gatsby accompanies Chan to her parents' apartment where he sings "Everything Happens to Me" on their piano. They discuss their love for New York and agree that on rainy days it is one of the most romantic places. They visit the Metropolitan Museum of Art, where Chan confesses that she used to have a crush on Gatsby. A chance encounter with his aunt and uncle at the museum forces Gatsby to attend his parents' gala later that evening.  Meanwhile, while searching for a vanished Pollard, Ashleigh and Ted stumble upon Ted's wife, who is having an extramarital affair. While Ted confronts his wife, Ashleigh goes to the studio where she meets film star Francisco Vega, who invites her out for dinner. Gatsby, meanwhile, uses his gambling skills to win big at a poker game his brother had arranged earlier in the evening. Back at his hotel room, he sees Ashleigh on the television news hailed as Francisco's latest fling. Distraught, he goes for a drink at the Carlyle Hotel's cocktail lounge, where he meets an escort named Terry, whom he hires to impersonate the absent Ashleigh at his family's gala.  Francisco takes Ashleigh to a film business party, where she reconnects with Pollard and Ted, who both declare themselves smitten with her. Afterwards, Francisco and Ashleigh retire to his apartment, and as they begin to have sex, Francisco's girlfriend arrives unexpectedly, driving Ashleigh to leave through the backdoor into the rain, wearing only a raincoat over her bra and panties.  Gatsby arrives at his family's gala with Terry, but his mother sees through the charade. In an intimate talk, she reveals to Gatsby that she was an escort when she met his father, and that her earnings were the seed capital that resulted in their wealth. Her personal history is the reason she has pressured Gatsby into intellectual and artistic endeavors, education, and refinement that she acquired as an adult. This revelation changes Gatsby's perceptions of his mother. At the end of the night, Ashleigh finds a despondent Gatsby back at the Carlyle, assuring him that nothing happened with Francisco, despite her lack of clothing.  The next morning, before their planned return to Yardley, the pair take a horse-drawn carriage ride in Central Park. Ashleigh, however, is disappointed by the misty weather, and when Gatsby mentions a Cole Porter lyric, she misattributes it to Shakespeare. Realizing their incompatibility, Gatsby abruptly ends their relationship and announces that he will withdraw from Yardley to stay in New York. He later goes to the Delacorte Clock, outside the Central Park Zoo, reenacting a fantasy he and Chan previously shared. As the clock strikes six, Chan arrives, and the pair kiss in the pouring rain.
Set during a single day and night at a high school, Jessie (Barton), a guidance counselor, Addison (Duncan), the school principal and local police officer, Travis (Sawa) are the central characters of a "whodunit" as murder sweeps the school.Wilkinsburg native producing star-studded 'Sibling' in Pittsburgh  Pittsburgh Tribune Review. 8 December 2010 Jessie attempts to help a mentally disturbed student, Eli, who is convinced that his dead brother will return and seek vengeance against the high school students that played a part in his death. His brother was killed after being run-over in a car allegedly driven by the group of high school students. Eli takes his brother's body to a witch who implants a spirit in the corpse. The witch informs Eli that his brother's spirit will rise after six days and will only rest again after committing six murders.'A Resurrection': Mischa Barton describes working with the late Michael Clarke Duncan -- EXCLUSIVE VIDEO  Entertainment Weekly. 22 March 2013
A bull rider no longer in love with the sport chooses between his family's rodeo legacy and his own life aspirations.
Phyllis (Ivy Meehan), an aspiring fine artist, and Barry (Duncan Coe), an actor in a community theater, are living together in a small house in an Austin suburb. Barry receives a scathing review of his performance in a low-budget play on the same day that the play is closing. During the wrap party his co-star tries to convince him that all problems can be solved by the use of manifesting and the law of attraction. The next day, while at a gallery opening where her art is on display, Phyllis is confronted by a daft art fan who questions her work and makes her second guess her choice to be an artist. Later that night she overhears her boss talking to another patron as they criticize the work her boss previously praised. Phyllis takes her art from the wall of the gallery before storming out in defiance.  That night, Barry confides in Phyllis that he wishes he could just take a vacation. As they drink a bottle of whiskey he and Phyllis jokingly "manifest" to the universe that they wish everyone would disappear and it could just be the two of them alone in the world. The next morning, Barry goes to check for his newspaper as he always does to discover it hasn't been delivered. He drives to his local convenience store to find it closed. He begins to notice that nobody else is out on the streets. He returns home to confront Phyllis, suspecting they had forgotten about a national holiday, and he and Phyllis head out into the city to investigate. They find the city streets empty with no signs of life. They determine that their "manifesting" worked. Barry falls asleep in the back yard to the light of the moon.  The next morning, Barry discovers a previously unknown stream behind their house that leads to a grotto and swimming hole. At home Phyllis wakes to discover Barry is missing and fearing he disappeared too she has a panic attack and nearly asphyxiates in their yard. Barry returns and she chastises him for leaving. Reunited they bask in their newfound freedom. Phyllis spends the next several days delving into her artwork while Barry goes stir crazy. Soon the power goes out in the house and the summer heat begins to suffocate them in their home. Suffering from cabin fever they set off to spend some time in the woods behind their house. While away from their home Barry doubles-down on his questioning of their purpose in life, the nature of art, and the need for human contact while Phyllis is content with living out the rest of their days alone together. On their journey back to the house they become lost in the woods and spend the night in the shade of a cliff. Barry has an epiphany and makes Phyllis "manifest" again but that this time they should wish they were back in civilization with their old lives. Phyllis gives a half-assed attempt at manifesting which doesn't work.  The next day they continue to travel through the woods in order to find their home but the long journey becomes tiresome and Barry's spirit is defeated. They resign themselves to the idea that all of civilization is now gone and it's really just the two of them left in the woods alone. Phyllis attempts to convince Barry that they're better off together. Barry continues to spiral into a depression and confesses that he doesn't like their new reality and he wishes they were no longer stuck in the woods. Barry sleeps that night under Phyllis' watchful eye.  The next morning they wake to find the forest has disappeared and they're in the middle of a barren desert. Barry's sanity breaks and he accepts his new desolate reality. He and Phyllis play make-believe in the desert sand and imagine they got that vacation after all and they bask in the breeze of a coastal ocean. In the desert Phyllis exclaims that she got exactly what she wanted: to be with Barry. He has a final epiphany and comes to realize that everything they've experienced has been Phyllis' doing. She was the one who wished away everyone in the universe, wished away all civilization, and manifested away the forest which leads to them being alone in a desert. Barry confronts Phyllis about her controlling their reality and she denies his claim that she's selfishly acting for her own happiness. He runs from her and she gives chase. He falls and tumbles down a hill where he hits his head on a piece of driftwood. She mourns over his lifeless body and eschews all her former decisions but the damage is already done and Barry perishes. Phyllis' conscience is left lifeless in blackness and she's must live out her days alone, just as she wished the night she manifested all the people out of the world.
Emily Taylor (Lacey Chabert) is a humble and kindhearted seamstress devoted to her family's business in Philadelphia. She is also in love with her European boyfriend Leo James (Stephen Hagan). As the Christmas season approaches, Leo reveals that he is in fact Prince Leopold, heir to the throne of a small sovereign country called Cordinia, which is loosely based on Monaco (but amalgamates the place names, Corsica and Sardinia). He takes Emily back to his country for the Christmas holidays and introduces her to his mother Isadora, Queen of Cordinia (Jane Seymour), who disapproves of the young American immediately. Wanting her son to marry a duchess named Natasha—Leo's ex-girlfriend—whom she finds more suitable than a commoner, the Queen goes out of her way to make Emily feel unwelcome at their castle.  Emily tries to adapt to her new royal surroundings, but feels more comfortable with the castle's butlers and housemaids than she does with her boyfriend's royal family and friends. While in town with Leopold buying Christmas Trees, Emily befriends Poppy, a little orphan girl.  Emily is then befriended by Galina, the Baroness of Newbury who she later finds out used to be a commoner like herself.  Galina also takes to Poppy right away.  The conflict comes to a head when the scheming Queen secretly invites the duchess to the castle for Christmas. With the help of the head butler Victor (Simon Dutton), Emily is schooled in etiquette and then makes a grand entrance at the Christmas ball in a dress she designed herself out of the Queen's old gown. Her happiness is cut short, however, when the Queen discovers her talking with two of the kitchen staff whom she fires immediately. Later, when Leo proposes marriage, Emily, realizing she doesn't fit in, turns down his offer and returns to America.  Sometime later, the Queen realizes all the hurt she's caused and remembers her feelings of love for Victor, whose love she rejected years earlier because he was a commoner. Looking to make up for the hurt that she caused, the Queen accompanies her son and Victor to Philadelphia and watches as Leo proposes once again—and this time Emily accepts.  The movie ends with Leopold and Emily's wedding with Poppy in attendance with the Baron and Baroness of Newbury who have presumably adopted her.
In 2001, Frank Carver, a young gangster for a mob enforcer named Max, witnesses his boss execute a former ally. Frank is asked to take the fall for the crime in return for $450,000 and the promise that his son, Joey, be looked after and cared for after the death of Frank's wife, Lorraine. However, his originally promised six-year stay in prison turns into a life sentence.  Nineteen years later, Frank is released from prison after he is diagnosed with a case of insomnia that could kill him if he doesn't sleep. While walking, he is met by Joey, now an adult, who reveals that he is a recovering addict and has sold his car to pay off his drug debts. After the two hail a cab, they stop by the old Carver household where Frank unearths the $450,000 bounty promised to him years ago. He takes the money and promises Joey that he'll make up for lost time.  Joey, reluctant to spend what is essentially "blood money", later agrees in order to spend time with his father. That night, after checking in to a lavish hotel, Frank, against his doctor's orders, tracks down his friend Q, who was also involved in Max's crime syndicate. Q, having left that life behind him and now a successful bar owner, makes peace with Frank.  The following day, Frank and Joey spend time together buying suits, a sports car, and a new smartphone. They are approached by a pimp named Trip, who tries to show them a good time, but Frank declines. Inside the hotel, Joey encourages Frank to flirt with a woman named Simone. Simone turns out to be a prostitute and has sex with Frank in his suite, but ends up developing romantic feelings for him after he explains to her the deal he made with Sleepy and how it affected him.  That night, Frank tracks down Max's second in command, Jimmy, to a nearby massage parlor, with Jimmy managing to escape before Frank can kill him. The next morning, Frank confesses to Joey that he is still "in the game," prompting Joey to turn his back on Frank. Later, after killing one of Max's subordinates (Tank) at a nearby butcher,  Frank collapses in his suite due to exhaustion, and is nearly killed by Trip, who reveals that Simone was one of his prostitutes and demands Frank pay him what he feels is owed to him. Frank threatens Trip with his life, scaring him into running away.  Frank gets a call from Joey who started shooting up again. Frank rescues Joey and they reconcile. They decide to stop by the cemetery where Lorraine is buried, and, while there, Frank also walks by Joey's headstone as well, revealing that "Joey" was a figment of Frank's imagination. Frank comes to terms that Max and his men killed Joey to keep him quiet, while Joey's spirit tries convincing his dad to "come home".  Despite his son's last wishes, Frank locates Max at a nearby assisted living center, where he has been in a medically induced coma for the last 15 years. Frank ultimately decides to spare Max's life, not before leaving the bloodied baseball bat that Max had used the night of the execution on his body. One of the orderlies tells Frank that the only other person to have visited Max before him was Q, although he has not been seen in a long while. As Frank begins leaves the center, Jimmy starts to fire at Frank, though Frank gets the upper hand and shoots Jimmy dead in the parking lot.  Frank then heads to a nearby church, where Q's daughter is getting married. Frank holds Q and his daughter hostage, with Q revealing that he was the man who had Joey killed. He explains that Joey had become an unstable drug addict and was going to snitch on Max's gang to the police, forcing Q to cover his tracks. Frank spares Q, not before his daughter shoots Frank in the back. Outside, police tell Frank to surrender, but Frank refuses, deciding to go out in a "blaze of glory". As Frank lies dying on the steps to the church, Joey's spirit comforts his dad, as he helps lead him into the next life.
The film is a comedy about a failed Brooklyn writer, Nathan Fisher, who visits his ailing parents in Florida. His mother has Alzheimer's, his father has recently had a stroke, and his girlfriend has recently broken up with him.
Widowed single mother Stephanie Smothers runs a vlog featuring crafts and recipes for parents.  She becomes friends with Emily Nelson, the mother of her son's schoolmate and a PR director for a fashion company, and they exchange confessions over martinis. Stephanie shares that as a teenager, she had sex with her half-brother Chris. Emily is frustrated by the lack of success of her husband, English professor Sean Townsend, and their (well-hidden) poor financial situation.  Stephanie babysits Emily's son while Sean is in London. After two days of Emily not returning calls, she learns from Emily's boss, Dennis Nylon, that she is in Miami. Stephanie calls Sean, who contacts the police. Trying to get to the bottom of Emily's disappearance, she makes missing person flyers using a photo of Emily that she found hidden on her desk.  Detective Summerville reports that Emily lied about flying to Miami, and that her drowned body had been discovered in the lake at a summer camp in Michigan. Stephanie and Sean share their grief and begin a sexual relationship. Summerville reveals to Stephanie that Emily had severe liver damage, a large amount of heroin in her system, and that Sean had recently taken out a $4 million life insurance policy on her.  Stephanie receives an insulting message apparently from Emily about her tryst with her half-brother Chris. She has a flashback of her late husband suspecting her infidelity, possibly leading him to cause the car crash that killed both him and Chris.   Investigating Emily's past, Stephanie meets Diana Hyland, who seems to have been a lover of Emily and who had painted a portrait of her. Diana says that the painting is actually of her muse Claudia, whom she describes as a con artist who disappeared. Her information leads Stephanie to a yearbook that shows Emily to be a girl named Hope McLanden, and who had an identical twin named Faith. Stephanie visits Margaret, the mother of the twins, who explains that at 16, the twins had set fire to the family house, killing their father, and disappeared.  Meanwhile, while Stephanie is away on these investigative trips, Emily surprises Sean by reappearing, and tells him that she plans to collect the insurance money and leave the country. Stephanie later contrives to meet with Emily, who explains that she and her sister indeed started the fire to kill their abusive father.   The sisters fled separately with a plan to reunite later, but Faith didn't turn up as agreed. Emily then built a career and family but then Faith reappeared 14 years later. Now an alcoholic and heroin addict, Faith threatened to turn them both in to the authorities by confessing the patricide unless paid a million dollars by Emily. After assenting to the demand, Emily drowned Faith in the lake (as revealed to the movie audience), but Emily tells Stephanie that Faith committed suicide and that Sean planned the insurance scam.  Emily and Stephanie are both angered by Sean's relationship with the other and decide to frame Sean. He is arrested and released on bail. Stephanie has a change of heart and stages an argument with Sean in front of Emily in order to incriminate her while police-planted microphones are recording the meeting. Stephanie fakes shooting Sean.   Emily, having predicted their ruse and disabled the microphones, confesses her crimes while holding the pair at gunpoint, saying that she will stage their murder-suicide. Shooting Sean in the shoulder, she turns the gun on Stephanie, who reveals that a hidden camera is livestreaming the entire event on her vlog. Emily attempts to escape, only to be hit by a car driven by Stephanie's friend Darren. She is arrested immediately after.  Closing text says that Emily was sentenced to 20 years in prison, Sean's second novel was a bestseller and he became a successful professor at Berkeley, and Stephanie is said to be dating another man and that her vlog has a million followers and is being developed as a TV show and also that she is a part-time private detective. In a mid-credits scene, Emily is seen winning a basketball game in prison.
Iranian-American Nousha Hassani is a successful LA housing attorney in her early 30s, disinterested in marriage. However, she tries to appease her parents Ziba and Reza and their need to see her settled down with the perfect Persian husband. They regularly introduce her to conservative Iranian bachelors with the expectation that Nousha will enter into an arranged marriage.  Their plans are soon derailed when Nousha meets Alex Talbot, a charming bisexual artist/DJ. They both participate in a public protest against sexism and misogyny. Starting to fall in love, she worries whether her parents will accept their relationship.  When her traditional Muslim parents see Alex through a video call with Nousha, then at dinner discover they are living together as domestic partners, they insist they officially get married. Reza bullies Alex into agreeing, and the Talbots and Hassanis come together for dinner.  Alex isn’t Muslim, and he has an unconventional family. His parents divorced when he was 16, and his father Bill married another man, Stephen. Alex’s mother, Maggie Baker, is still bitter about it and has given up on love.  During the wedding organizing, Nousha’s Uncle Saman comes to visit the family from Tehran. He is a war veteran who has never married and doesn’t have kids, and gets pulled into the rehearsals as Alex’s mother Maggie needs a partner for the procession. They hit it off.  The night before the ceremony, Nousha, showing signs of cold feet, asks Alex if they’re making a mistake. He brushes her fears aside. However, on the day she panics, the dress catches fire, and she extinguishes it in the pool.  One week later, Nousha’s friends Lynne, Tessa, and daughter Lulu show up to get her out of her funk. Finally, a few weeks later, she uses the excuse of wanting to return Alex’s toothbrush to go to his gig. He won’t accept her apology because he’s still really upset she left him at the altar.  Maggie and Saman bump into Nousha at the gig, and outside tell her and Alex they’ve been together since the wedding and now are getting married. In the days leading up to the ceremony, Nousha does some soul searching, learning to enjoy her own company.  At the wedding, in the Housanis’  back yard, Saman encourages Nousha to keep fighting and not give up. She seranades Alex with Celine Dion’s voice and they finally make up.
John Moon's wife recently took their son and left. Before John's father died, he was unable to pay the mortgage on the farm, and it was sold. John is depressed and an emotional wreck. He lives in poverty in rural West Virginia, feeding himself by hunting deer. While illegally stalking a deer with a shotgun on Nature Conservancy land, he accidentally shoots and kills a young woman. He then finds a box containing $100,000 in the abandoned van where she was hiding. He hides the woman's body in a shipping container.  During the following days, he attempts to reconcile with his wife. He contacts a local attorney to try to negotiate for his wife and son's return home and leaves the attorney several hundred dollars, drawing the attorneys' attention. John visits his son at his wife's apartment and interrupts the babysitter having sex with a recently released convict who has returned home. As he leaves he is threatened by a stranger who resents his glance.  John returns to his trailer and finds that someone has trashed it, apparently looking for the money. The dead girl's body is on his bed with a note. His wife shows up and wants to come inside and get her clothing, but John refuses. John visits the attorney and threatens him with a pistol, trying to force him to reveal what he knows. All he learns is that his wife was concerned about where John got the money and wants to talk to him. Later, while he is in his trailer, someone shoots and kills his dog. In another incident a rock wrapped in a note threatening his family is thrown through the trailer window. John suspects the ex-con is responsible for these events. He enters the ex-con's motel room and is interrupted by the ex-con's return. He hides in the louvered closet. The stranger from outside the diner arrives at the hotel room and asks the ex-con if he's "gotten the money back".  The ex-con tells him that the woman who had the money has died and the stranger is furious. John sees him slit the ex-con's throat. The ex-con falls into the closet and sees John, but is unable to talk before he dies. John manages to avoid detection and goes home.   A friendly local girl brings John something to eat, and while they are eating outside, the radio in the trailer starts playing loudly. John goes inside to investigate, carrying a pistol. He hears the girl scream outside, and returns to find her held captive by the stranger. John is forced to discard his pistol and knife. The stranger asks John where the money is. John says he buried it nearby. The stranger tells him to go get it, but first cuts off John's right index finger and thumb, to be sure he can't use a weapon. John goes to his truck and gets a scoped rifle. Despite his wounds, he successfully kills the stranger. He takes the girl to town and returns to the trailer and a shed outside, which contains a freezer in which he has hidden the dead woman's body. He drags her body up the hill and digs a hole to bury her. Weakened by loss of blood, he's unable to get out of the hole. He pulls the girl′s body into the hole with him and looks up to see a deer looking down at him from the edge of the hole.
Amy Hartington returns to her home town in Louisiana from her career in New York City upon request of her high school debate coach. In flashbacks, she recalls her senior year, the politics surrounding debate competitions and her relationship with Nick (Parker Mack), her debate partner."Get a Sneak Peek of Laura Marano and Katherine McNamara in A Sort of Homecoming", Just Jared Jr., January 16, 2015 Laura Marano told Twist Magazine, "At the core of it, A Sort of Homecoming is about this character finding herself, not only with her support system, but within herself."Kristine Hope Kowalski, "Exclusive: Laura Marano Dishes on Her New Movie, 'A Sort of Homecoming' ", Twist Magazine, May 12, 2016
Sammy Lagucci is a Brooklyn-based criminal who would only change his life for his little daughter. When he finds out that the gangsters he's related to are plotting to take him down, he enters the witness protection program to protect himself and his family. Ending up in a small Wisconsin town, he finds himself a good stand-up comedian and succeeds. But what should be a blessing turns into a curse as your fame grows, putting your new identity at stake.
43-year-old Jackson "Jack" Maine, a famous country rock singer privately battling an alcohol and drug addiction, plays at a concert. His primary support is Bobby, his manager and older half-brother. After a show, Jack goes out for drinks and visits a drag bar where he witnesses a tribute performance to Édith Piaf by 31-year-old Ally, who works as a waitress and singer-songwriter. Jack is amazed by her performance, and they spend the night talking to each other, where Ally discusses her unsuccessful efforts in pursuing a professional music career. Ally shares with Jack some lyrics she has been working on, and he tells her she is a talented songwriter and should perform her material.  Jack invites Ally to his next show. Despite her initial refusal, she attends and, with Jack's encouragement, sings "Shallow" on stage with him. Jack invites Ally to go on tour with him, and they form a romantic relationship. In Arizona, Ally and Jack visit the ranch where Jack grew up and where his father is buried, only to find that Bobby had sold the land, which was converted into a wind farm. Angered at his betrayal, Jack attacks Bobby, who subsequently quits as his manager. Before doing so, Bobby reveals that he did inform Jack about the sale, but Jack was too drunk to notice.  While on tour, Ally meets Rez, a record producer who offers her a contract. Although visibly bothered, Jack still supports her decision. Rez refocuses Ally away from country music and towards pop music. Jack misses one of Ally's performances after he passes out drunk in public; he recovers at the home of his best friend George "Noodles" Stone and later makes up with Ally. There he proposes to Ally with an impromptu ring made from a loop of a guitar string, and they are married that same day at a church ministered by a relative of Noodles.  During Ally's performance on Saturday Night Live, Bobby reconciles with Jack. Later, Ally and a drunken Jack fight over Ally's growing artistic success. Jack criticizes Ally's new image and music, as her success appears to be outpacing his recent decline in popularity. At the Grammy Awards, where Ally is nominated for three awards, a visibly intoxicated Jack performs a tribute to Roy Orbison. Later in the evening, Ally wins the Best New Artist award. When she goes up on stage to receive her award, a still-inebriated Jack staggers up to her, where he publicly wets himself and passes out. Ally's father, Lorenzo, berates a semi-conscious Jack while Ally attempts to help Jack sober up. Jack joins a rehabilitation program shortly thereafter. While recovering in rehab for about two months, Jack discloses to his counselor that he tried to commit suicide at age 12. He also mentions that he has hearing problems due to progressively worsening tinnitus.  Jack tearfully apologizes to Ally for his behavior. While returning home, Jack admits to Bobby that it was he whom he idolized and not their father. Ally asks Rez to bring Jack on her European tour, but Rez refuses, prompting Ally to cancel the remainder of the tour, so she can care for Jack. Later, while waiting at their home for Ally, Rez confronts Jack and accuses him of nearly ruining Ally's career, stating that Jack will certainly relapse again, and explains how "embarrassing" it is that he is married to her. That evening, Ally lies to Jack and tells him that her record label has canceled her tour, so she can focus on her second album. Jack promises he will come to her concert that night, but after Ally leaves, he hangs himself in their garage.  Grief-stricken and inconsolable after Jack's suicide, Ally is visited by Bobby, who tells her that the suicide was Jack's own choice. The closing scenes reveal a flashback of Jack working on a song about his love for Ally, which he never finished writing. Ally sings this song as a tribute to Jack, introducing herself for the first time as Ally Maine.
As written in the article by Movies News Week, the main character of Josh Pratt, played by (Colin Egglesfield), is on the verge of becoming a partner at a multibillion-dollar hedge fund, but then his life is turned upside down when the Securities and Exchange Commission investigates the head of the fund  for insider trading. Pratt finds himself forced into a “vacation” he never asked for; he ends up in Bangkok with a price on his head, a morally ambiguous brother who is deeply involved with the Thai mafia, and a propensity for getting shot at.  Unfortunately for Pratt, the only way out is to give up information he doesn’t know he has.
A young Somali man named Adan (played by Barkhad Abdirahman) is kicked out of his home and must survive on the streets of his hometown, Minneapolis. He begrudgingly befriends a stray dog, which brings him companionship. However, it also brings Adan further exile from his family, his friends, and his community, as caring for a dog as a pet may be seen as haram for Muslims, especially in Somali culture. The film explores loneliness and belonging with intimate shots of Minneapolis seen through the eyes of a downtrodden Somali immigrant.
Amos reflects on his early childhood in British Mandate of Palestine (now Israel) with his mother Fania and father Arieh. His parents are Ashkenazi Jews who have immigrated from Europe to Jerusalem. Amos's mother finds life difficult because Jerusalem is a desert, because her family lives in Tel Aviv, and because communication with them is difficult. Amos, an only child, is particularly close to his mother, who frequently tells him stories based on her childhood that often have unhappy or violent endings.  Amos's parents regularly lend him out to a childless couple they are friends with. On one occasion this couple take him to visit a friend of theirs, a Palestinian Arab. They warn Amos to be quiet and not make much fuss lest he offend their hosts, but while playing with a swing he accidentally injures the Arab's little son. Terrified, Amos's father calls the injured boy's father and promises to pay all of the hospital fees.  On November 29, 1947, Amos's family and others from the neighbourhood gather around a radio in the street to hear the passing of United Nations General Assembly Resolution 181, which adopted a plan to partition Mandatory Palestine into independent Arab and Jewish states. Amos's parents are overwhelmed with joy. His father tells him  how savagely his grandfather was treated by anti-Semites in Europe and how, now that the Jewish people have a country of their own, that anti-Semitism will disappear forever. Arieh tells Amos that while he may be bullied someday for being an intellectual, no one will ever mistreat him for being a Jew.  Soon afterward, civil war erupts between Arabs and Jews in Palestine. Amos's father enlists to fight in the war, while Amos and other children are recruited to gather bottles for 'cocktails' and bags for sand for the war effort. One of Fania's friends is killed by a Palestinian sniper while she is hanging up her family's laundry.  Although the war soon ends in defeat for the Arabs, Fania falls into major depression and becomes unable to sleep or eat. Amos and Arieh try their best to hide her depression from their friends and family. While taking anti-depressants, Fania abruptly becomes her former, more lively self and begins to act normally with her husband and son. During a meal at a restaurant, however, she relapses once more. Saying that he doesn't know how to help her, Arieh sends Fania to her sisters in Tel Aviv. Despite her sisters' efforts to lift her spirits, Fania commits suicide by a deliberate overdose in 1952. In voiceover, Amos expresses a belief that his mother felt so much pain that she had come to see death as a lover with whom she longed to unite herself.  Years  later, Amos goes to live on a kibbutz, where he works to fulfill his mother's dream of making the desert bloom. During a visit from his father, a teenaged Amos shows off his new life but admits that despite his attempts at being a strong and healthy farmer, he is still a pale and weak intellectual.  Decades later, an elderly Amos Oz sits down to write his memoirs, beginning with the word, "Mother".
Diana Watts, a high school English teacher in suburban Texas, is having an affair with Eric Tull, one of her students. In class, Diana and Eric are careful to hide their relationship, aside from sneaking glances at each other and finding time after class to be alone. Despite sometimes fearing that they could get caught, Diana is seemingly smitten with Eric and continues seeing him.  One day, Diana meets with her brother, Hunter, but as soon as he brings up their mother's declining health, Diana becomes overwhelmed and leaves. Sometime later, Diana's roommate, Sophia, tells Diana that she wants to introduce her to some attractive single men, Rich and Dan, at a party. While Sophia is talking, Diana walks into the bathroom to take a topless photo to send to Eric. She later attends the party with Sophia and meets Rich and Dan, both of whom she finds uninteresting. She makes an excuse to leave the party early.  After the holiday break, Diana is told by Jessica, a fellow teacher, that a topless photo of a student has been circulating around the school. While Jessica laments how careless teenagers can be, Diana realizes that the photo she sent Eric could be spread just as easily. She meets with Eric after school in the parking lot and asks him to delete the photo, which he does. On another occasion, Eric tells Diana that a girl asked him to the Sadie Hawkins dance. Diana becomes jealous, but Eric reassures her that it means nothing and he is only going with this girl to avoid suspicion.  Diana and Eric go on a weekend getaway at his family's ranch. The next morning, as they are having sex, the ranch foreman, James, arrives at the property and, noticing Eric's car, knocks on the door. Diana hides in the bathroom while Eric speaks to James. After James leaves, Diana is visibly shaken and asks a nonchalant Eric if James will tell his father. Eric tells her there is nothing to worry about, but Diana insists that she could lose her job if they are caught. She tells him they should put their relationship on hold for a while and goes to the porch to be alone. Eric joins her and tries to seduce her, eventually becoming aggressive. She angrily pushes him away.  Back at school, Diana confesses to Eric that she misses him and invites him to come over later. During the conversation, Jessica comes into the classroom and accidentally interrupts them. Diana tries to play it off as a school-related meeting. Later, at her house, Diana and Eric begin having sex when she starts to act increasingly unstable. She goes from pushing him away, saying that what they are doing is wrong, to clinging to him and begging him to stay. Frustrated with her erratic behavior, Eric storms out right as Sophia is returning home. Sophia watches in shock as Diana desperately chases after Eric.  Diana immediately drives to Eric's house, where she parks outside and calls his mobile number. When he does not respond, she calls his family's landline. Eric's father answers and when she asks for Eric, he tells her it is late and, assuming she is a classmate, advises that she speak to him at school the next day. Diana sneaks up to Eric's bedroom window to try to get him to speak with her. Eric begrudgingly goes outside, where she pleadingly tells him that they can "work through this" and that, since he will be attending the University of Texas the following year, they can "stay together". Eric rebuffs her advances and his father comes outside to check on him, causing Diana to run back to her car and leave.  Diana drives to a motel, and once she checks into a room, she checks her voicemail. She has received a message from a staff member at the school, telling her that there is an issue with one of her students, Eric, whose father is at the school, and urging her to call back immediately. Diana, curled up on the bed, cries as she realizes the repercussions of her actions.
Literary agent Jack McCall uses his "gift of gab" to get various book deals, and he is not afraid to stretch the truth to get them. While he is trying to get a deal from New Age self-help guru Dr. Sinja, he sees through Jack's deceit and agrees to the deal, only to later deliver a five-page book.  That night, a Bodhi Tree appears in Jack's backyard. Dr. Sinja goes to his house and they discover that for every word Jack speaks, a leaf falls off of the tree. When the tree runs out of leaves, it will die, as will Jack. He finds that even written words and gestures towards words count towards his limit; plus anything that happens to the tree also affects him. When Jack tries to cut it down with an axe, a wound appears on him. When squirrels climb the tree, it tickles him. When a gardener tries to poison it with DDT, Jack gets high on the fumes and when the gardener tries to water it, Jack starts to sweat and perspire profusely.  With Jack forced to choose his words carefully, communication becomes difficult and full of misunderstandings. These cost him two book deals, his job, his wife Caroline and his son, Tyler. She walks out on him when she thinks his sudden silence is due to him not loving her anymore. When he tries to explain the tree to her, she doesn't believe him. Only Jack's assistant Aaron Weisberger realizes he is telling the truth, and goes to his house to keep track of how many leaves remain. Jack tries to break the curse by being a better person by giving food to the homeless, and donating some of his money to charity, but that plan fails. Jack drinks a lot of alcohol in the night, causing him to sing a lot, thus making the tree lose most of its leaves. Only when Aaron confronts him and tackles him to the ground does he stop speaking and fall asleep.  With his life falling apart and the tree running out of leaves, Jack confronts Dr. Sinja and asks how to end the curse. The guru tells him to make peace in all of his relationships. With just one branch of leaves left, Jack tries to reconcile with his wife, but she remains hesitant. He visits his mother Annie, who lives in an assisted-living center and has dementia. Annie tells Jack, who she thinks is his late father Raymond, that she wishes Jack would stop being angry at his father for walking out on them when he was a kid. Realizing this is the relationship that needs the most mending, he goes to visit his father's grave. Jack expends the last three leaves of the tree with the words "I forgive you". With no leaves remaining, he suffers a heart attack in a storm and appears to die. Aaron then calls Jack on his cell phone. Still alive, Jack answers his phone. Aaron tells him the tree's leaves have magically reappeared and Jack can now talk freely again.  Jack and Caroline get back together, with him buying the family-friendly house Caroline had asked for, with the tree in their front yard. Although he does not get his job back (Aaron was promoted to Jack's old position), he writes a book about his experience, called A Thousand Words, and gets Aaron to make the deal. Unfortunately for Aaron, the promotion causes him to be like Jack was, thus he gets his own smaller office Bodhi Tree.
The film is based on the true story of the heir to the throne of Bechuanaland, Seretse Khama of the Bamangwato people, who studied law in London immediately after World War II. There he meets an Englishwoman, Ruth Williams, whom he eventually marries in 1948, despite the protests of both their families and opposition from the British government, which is concerned about relations with South Africa and the stability of the entire region of southern Africa. The National Party government in South Africa fears that the marriage of a black king to a white woman in neighbouring Bechuanaland will inspire unrest, as it was in the process of making such a marriage illegal, and demands that the British government prevents the marriage, as do the governments of South West Africa and Rhodesia.  Khama's uncle, the Regent, also asks Khama to end his marriage and instead marry a Bamangwato princess, which Khama rejects. The British administrators use the dispute to argue that the marriage is causing unrest. Seretse discovers that the British have allowed a US mining corporation to prospect for precious stones, and is eager to make sure that, if anything is found, the exploitation of the country's resources should solely be done by the people of Bechuanaland.  Khama wants his people's support and wins their backing, upon which the British government decides to exile him. Meanwhile, Ruth gives birth to their baby and becomes accepted by the local people by "walking the road with them". When the British want to replace the king with an administrator, the tribe refuses to convene the necessary meeting. The British prime minister, Clement Attlee, tells backbencher Tony Benn that Britain needs South Africa's gold and destroying the Khamas' marriage is a price worth paying. Meanwhile, diamonds are found in Bechuanaland and Khama ensures the British government acknowledges their sovereign ownership by the Bechuana people.  Winston Churchill promises, if elected, to lift Khama's exile term of five years, but instead makes it permanent. However, powerful people in London and the US government support Khama's case. Meanwhile, apartheid develops in South Africa and begins to overshadow Bechuanaland as well. Eventually, with the help of pressure from local people, he is allowed to return to Bechuanaland and negotiates its independence from the British. Khama shows his uncle a leaked British government document showing he is qualified to be king, and that British government hostility is based only on opposition from South Africa. A postscript reveals that Khama was elected as the first president of present-day Botswana, that their son becomes the country's fourth elected president in 2008 and that Ruth and Khama are buried together on a hilltop overlooking Serowe village, where they had lived for the remainder of their lives.
Seven years after escaping from Guantanamo Bay detention camp, and two years after they have last spoken, best friends and roommates Harold Lee and Kumar Patel have gone their separate ways. Harold has given up smoking cannabis, become a successful businessman on Wall Street and married his Latina girlfriend Maria. Kumar, on the other hand, still lives in the messy apartment he once shared with Harold after getting kicked out of medical school due to failing a drug test. Kumar has recently been dumped again by his girlfriend Vanessa, who arrives at Kumar's apartment to inform him that she is pregnant with his child. Maria's father and Harold's father-in-law Mr. Perez decides to stay at Harold and Maria's house for Christmas. Mr. Perez, who does not like Harold, brings his prized Christmas tree that he has been growing for eight years, and gives Harold a short lecture about the tree's importance to his family. Kumar receives a package with Harold's name on it at his apartment and decides to deliver it to Harold. At Harold's house, they discover the item inside to be a large marijuana joint.  Kumar lights the joint, but Harold throws it out of the window, only for it to magically land in the tree - resulting in it being burnt down. Harold learns that Kumar's new friend Adrian is attending a party with a Fraser Fir Christmas tree, and promises to drive him to the party on the condition that he can have the tree. Harold, Kumar, Adrian, and Todd (Harold's new best friend) arrive at the party, where a girl named Mary attempts to seduce Harold, Mary is revealed to be the daughter of Russian mob kingpin Sergei Katsov, who sends two of his men to kill Harold and Kumar, believing that they were trying to rape his daughter after Harold refuses to have sex with Mary. The duo make it out of the building without the Christmas tree and run into their friends, Rosenberg and Goldstein, for the first time in years. Harold and Kumar plan to steal a tree from a church, but end up participating in a Christmas show featuring Neil Patrick Harris, who they thought had died after being shot outside a Texas whorehouse seven years ago. Harris reveals that he did die, but Jesus Christ kicked him out of Heaven. Revealing that he is now telepathic, Harris hooks the pair up with a Christmas tree and a Wafflebot before sending them off.  The two make their way to Harold's house to put up the tree, but end up being kidnapped by two of Katsov's men, and are saved by Wafflebot. After Harold accidentally shoots Santa Claus in the head, Kumar gives him emergency surgery. In exchange for saving his life, Santa agrees to fly them back home in his sleigh, and reveals that he sent the package to reunite the friends. Harold arrives home to encounter Mr. Perez, who is enraged when he discovers his Christmas tree is gone. Harold finally stands up to him, explaining that he may not be the perfect son-in-law, but he is the perfect guy for Maria. Mr. Perez says that he always knew Harold was a nice guy. He just wanted to make sure that he had "cojones" before accepting him into his family. Harold and Kumar rekindle their friendship, Kumar and Vanessa rekindle their romance, and Kumar tells Vanessa that he will re-take the exams to become a doctor and give up weed for the sake of their child; however, Vanessa advises him to break the latter, promising to give him her urine for another drug test. Maria discovers that she is pregnant on Christmas morning and that Santa has left a replacement tree in their lounge. Harold decides to smoke weed again, and he and Kumar share a joint for the first time in years. Santa flies overhead, smoking a bong, wishing everyone a merry Christmas.
On Christmas Eve, Bill Murray waits in his suite at the Carlyle Hotel, gradually realizing that a massive snowstorm has caused most of the guests for his live Christmas special to cancel. As time runs out, his two producers, Liz (Amy Poehler), and Bev (Julie White), coerce him into going on with the show, as he is financially on the hook if he cancels. With minimal crew, Murray goes live; but in the middle of singing a song, he begins to weep and then flees the studio. While trying to leave the hotel, he sees Chris Rock, whom he forces into performing "Do You Hear What I Hear?" with him. During a power outage, Rock flees, and the producers inform Murray that as the power outage is considered an Act of God, the special can now be cancelled.  Filled with relief, Murray goes to the Carlyle bar, where he sings a song with an anonymous waitress (Jenny Lewis). After they hear the chefs shouting, they go to investigate, and realize that the French chefs (Phoenix) are overwhelmed, as the fridges have stopped working and the food is about to go bad. Murray encourages them to bring the food to the bar, so that the few patrons can eat it all. On his way back to the bar, he passes a weeping bride (Rashida Jones), who informs him that her wedding was called off due to the cold, and who is also upset because she has fought with her fiancé, Elliot (Jason Schwartzman).  The French chefs sing "Alone on Christmas Day", followed by the lounge singer (Maya Rudolph) performing "Christmas (Baby Please Come Home)". Afterwards, the bride comes out wheeling a cake, and asks Murray about his theory of love. He asks Elliot and the bride to look at one another and think of the exact instant they knew they were in love with each other. The couple sing "I Saw the Light", and become re-engaged. At 12:01 am the remaining guests at the hotel wish each other a merry Christmas, and then sing "Fairytale of New York" together. At the end of the song, Murray, who had been drinking heavily, passes out.  While unconscious, Murray dreams that he awakens on a beautiful set in the middle of his Christmas special. In his dream, he is joined by George Clooney and Miley Cyrus. As Clooney prepares martinis, Cyrus and Murray sing "Sleigh Ride" together. After a few more musical numbers between himself, Cyrus, and Clooney (most notably, a version of Albert King's "Santa Claus Needs Some Loving"), Murray reawakens in his suite at the Carlyle, where he realizes it is still Christmas.
Sadie works as a vigilante, helping women and children escape abusive homes and family members. She struggles with money, asking for whatever the people she helps can give and attempting to redeem a life insurance policy on her still-missing husband. She lives out of a motel room, the wall of which is posted with a map she has been using to search for him.   After Sadie works out and disguises herself with latex makeup, contacts and a wig, she is invited to the home of Andrea and Michael Shaund, claiming that she needs to conduct a health insurance assessment. Sadie overpowers Michael with her martial arts training, forces him to transfer the deed to his home and most of his money to his wife, tells him to leave and never go near his wife or her family again, and promises to kill him if he does. Sadie tells Andrea to pass on her contact number to anyone she feels needs it.   Sadie helps a young woman escape from her abusive partner, beats up three men who assault her outside a bar, and rescues a young boy and his infant brother from their drug-addicted mother who had been keeping the infant locked away in squalor. She tells the boy that police and social services will arrive soon. When the boy asks her to look after them, she says she cannot as they would not be safe with her, but she leaves him her phone number in case he needs her help.  In a flashback, Sadie finally opens up to her therapy group about her past, revealing that her husband, a brutal, manic survivalist, tried to force her and their young son, Cody, to move out of their home and live off the grid together. When she tried to escape with Cody, he chased them both with a knife, stabbed Sadie repeatedly, and killed Cody in a fit of rage. After Cody's murder, Sadie returned to her old home, finding a book on Krav Maga which sparked her interest. She also found a sketch that Cody drew with the letter "C" prominently displayed. She left a note for her group therapy leader, telling her that she is available to help other women in trouble.  Sadie is stalked by her sadistic husband, who sneaks into her motel room, strikes her from behind and knocks her unconscious. She wakes up bound to a chair in a mountain cabin, her husband taunting her and welcoming her back home. He tears up and burns Cody's drawing and leaves her restrained to go hunt for food, but she cuts her bonds. When he returns, Sadie tries to stab him, but he knocks the blade aside and breaks her arm. Sadie escapes and, after a chase, the two finally confront each other. She tells her husband that he killed their son because he couldn't stand to have someone see him for the monster he really is. Sadie kills him and dumps his body on a road.  Sadie visits her attorney, who tells her the police found her husband's body but no evidence of the murderer. Due to his felon status, they don't seem willing to look further into the case, and with his body found, her life insurance claim will be processed. Sadie leaves to help a woman who has contacted her for help.
In a quiet Missouri town Norman, a young deputy sheriff, covers up a shooting at the hands of his older brother, Ray, but neither of the young men are prepared for what's to come, including Norman to die to the hands of Frances. As the investigation wears on, family bonds are tested as we descend into the depths of morality and loyalty and are forced to bear witness to the violent separation of flesh and blood with everyone desperately trying to do the right thing, all while doing the wrong.
In 1991, alcoholic NYPD Detective Matt Scudder survives a shootout with three criminals who rob his local bar. Eight years later, Scudder is retired and sober, working as an unlicensed private investigator. Peter Kristo, a fellow Alcoholics Anonymous member, brings Scudder to his brother Kenny, a wealthy drug trafficker. Kenny explains that his wife Carrie was abducted, and though he delivered the ransom, the kidnappers dismembered her, leaving him a tape recording of her brutal rape and murder. Agreeing to find the killers, Scudder visits the New York Public Library to research similar murders and meets TJ, a homeless teen with a knack for detective work.  Scudder investigates the death of another woman, Leila Andresen, whose dismembered body was found in Green-Wood Cemetery. He discovers that her fiancé is tied to the drug trade, and confronts Jonas Loogan, the cemetery groundskeeper. Admitting that he helped the two men who killed Leila, Jonas kills himself. Scudder learns that another victim, Marie Gotteskind, was an undercover DEA agent murdered by the same killers, and realizes they are using her files to target drug dealers, kidnapping and killing their loved ones.  After being accosted by DEA agents, Scudder confronts Peter, who had informed on Kenny to Marie, unknowingly providing the information that allowed the killers to kidnap Carrie. TJ is beaten by neighborhood dealers for stealing a handgun, and Scudder visits him in the hospital. He reveals that a young girl was killed in the shootout in 1991, prompting him to leave the police force and his drinking behind.  Kenny asks Scudder to help fellow trafficker Yuri Landau, whose daughter Lucia has been taken by the killers, Ray and Albert. When the kidnappers call, Scudder convinces them to return Lucia alive in exchange for one million dollars. Meeting at the cemetery, Scudder delivers the money and Lucia is reunited with her father, but Albert discovers much of the cash is counterfeit. In the ensuing shootout, Peter is killed while Albert and a wounded Ray escape in their van, unaware TJ is hiding in the back.  TJ calls Scudder, leading him and Kenny to the killers' house, while Albert kills Ray. Leaving Albert's fate in Kenny's hands, Scudder sends TJ to his apartment in a taxi, but returns to find Kenny dead. Albert overpowers Scudder with a garotte and attacks him with a cleaver, but Scudder subdues him with Ray's taser before shooting him in the head. Watching from afar as police arrive at the scene, Scudder returns home.
After living in the UK for ten years, author Bill Bryson has moved back to the US and is living in New Hampshire. Now in his 60s, he has been living there peacefully. A television interview reports that he has published several popular books and there is speculation he will be writing more. Bryson, however, has no such plans.  Bryson and his wife Catherine attend a funeral. Afterwards, he takes a stroll up to the nearby Appalachian Trail, and suddenly decides he will hike its entire length. Catherine objects, presenting many accounts of accidents and murders on the trail. She relents on condition that he not travel alone. He agrees and searches for a friend willing to join him. Everyone declines his invitation; some declare him insane. Finally, he is contacted by Stephen Katz, an old friend who offers to be a hiking companion. Despite appearances, Stephen claims to be fit enough for the challenge. Bill's wife is unhappy with his choice, but relents.  Within less than a mile of their departure point, as groups of hikers overtake and pass them, they begin to grasp the difficulty of their ambition. Shortly after, a group of young children effortlessly runs by them up the trail, laughing and calling out to each other. Seeing others pass by so easily motivates them to carry on. And so they move on, day by day, making more or less pleasant acquaintances, having more or less pleasant experiences.  Some time later they reach a hut, having hiked miserably through pouring rain. Carved into the log wall is an Appalachian Trail map showing the trail and their present location. They realize they have finished less than half of the trail after spending three months on it. Eventually they trek into a restricted section posted "for experienced hikers only". While maneuvering their heavy and awkward backpacks alongside a precipitous drop, Bill trips and pulls Stephen with him down a steep, rocky cliff. They fall about fifteen feet onto a ledge spacious enough to be comfortable, but far enough below the trail to be unable to get back up to resume the hike. They spend the night there with no clear hope of rescue. Luckily, the next day they are awakened by early morning hikers who are able to get them off the ledge.  Eventually, they decide they have had enough and end their journey. When comfortably back at home, Bill, going through his mail, finds a series of post cards from Stephen that were mailed from their various stops along the trail. The last one reads:  "What's next?' Bill sits down and begins typing on his computer, "."
After having sex with her boyfriend, a woman is shocked when he transforms into Freddy Krueger, who she mistakes for Edward James Olmos. Freddy seduces the woman with his glove, which has vibrators affixed to the fingers.  At the second annual Elm Street High School reunion, three women discuss how all their classmates have mysteriously died. The sex ed professor appears and corrects them, explaining that their classmates fell into orgasm-induced "pleasure comas" while they slept. The professor theorizes it is the work of Freddy, a sex toy salesman who sold overpriced and shoddy merchandise. Angered by Freddy's defective products, the townspeople set him on fire, with the professor throwing the first match ("That guy sold me a crappy toy. Told me it was a Fleshlight. It turned out just to be a flashlight"). Freddy burnt from the waist up, and as he died he swore he would get his revenge on his killers through their children. The professor is dumbfounded by the girls failing to remember this (they witnessed Freddy's burning, and attended the block party celebrating the event) and warns them not to fall asleep.  At home, Betty tries to keep herself awake by watching the porno Dead Man Fucking, but the video turns into one showing Freddy having sex with a female guard in a prison cell. When Freddy finishes with the guard he attacks Betty, but she wakes up. At the school, Betty tells the others about her nightmare, and the professor admits he once had a dream about Freddy ("It's not gay") where he saw Freddy's glove long enough to allow him to create a replica of it. Thinking the copy can help them find Freddy's weakness, the professor gives the glove to Kami. Kami masturbates into unconsciousness with the glove, and is rendered comatose by Freddy.  While the professor takes Kami to a hospital and Betty goes home, Denise stays behind ("If I learned anything from horror movies, it's that the psychotic fictional horror villain never goes for the hot girl in a room that's dark when she's all alone and most vulnerable"). Hearing noises coming from her old textbook, Denise flips through the book, and sees herself and the professor having sex in them. Denise is transported into the book, and when she and the professor finish fornicating, the professor turns into Freddy, and he puts Denise into a coma.  Fed up with living in fear, Betty goes to sleep, and confronts Freddy in her dream. The two have sex, and when Freddy tries to put her into a coma afterward, Betty reveals she stole his glove's batteries ("Now all you have to turn those girls on is that burnt face, and that 1980s sweater"). With Freddy robbed of his power, Betty wakes up, wonders if it was all just a dream, and discovers her underwear is soaked through.
Thirteen-year-old Meg Murry struggles to adjust at school due to bullying and depression, four years after the disappearance of her father Alex, a renowned astrophysicist. Meg and her gifted younger brother Charles Wallace are sent to the principal after Charles scolds a pair of gossiping teachers, and Meg retaliates against Veronica, Meg's neighbor and longtime bully. Meg and her mother Kate discover Charles with an unusual visitor, Mrs. Whatsit, who claims that the tesseract – a method of space travel Alex was studying – is real.  Meg and Charles meet her classmate Calvin O'Keefe, who joins them at the house of Mrs. Who, another strange friend of Charles who speaks only in quotations. Calvin has dinner with the Murrys, and Kate remembers Alex's commitment to their research despite public ridicule. In the backyard, Mrs. Whatsit and Mrs. Who appear with Mrs. Which, revealing themselves as astral travelers. Explaining that they have come to help find Alex, who has transported himself across the universe, the Misses lead Meg, Calvin, and Charles through a tesseract to the distant planet Uriel.  The planet's sentient flowers confirm that Alex visited Uriel, and Mrs. Whatsit transforms into a flying creature, carrying the children into the sky. Calvin nearly falls to his death after noticing a dark planet that Mrs. Which identifies as Camazotz, home to an evil energy known as "the IT". They tesser to the planet Orion to seek the help of a seer named Happy Medium. Mrs. Which reveals that the IT spreads negativity throughout the universe, including on Earth: Charles' gossiping teachers were jealous of the principal's promotion; Veronica judges herself for her weight; the Murrys' kindly neighbor is mugged by severely insecure teens; and Calvin's father is an abusive perfectionist.  Happy Medium helps Meg overcome her self-doubt, and they learn that her father tessered to Uriel, then Ixchel, but was trapped on Camazotz. The Misses insist they regroup on Earth, but Meg's determination to save her father overrides the tesseract, unintentionally redirecting them to Camazotz. Unable to stay, as Camazotz's evil is stronger than their light, the Misses bestow gifts before departing: Mrs. Who gives Meg her glasses to see what is really there, Mrs. Whatsit gives Meg the knowledge of her faults, and Mrs. Which gives the children the command to never separate.  A forest appears, separating Meg and Calvin from Charles, and they are pursued by a tornado-like storm. Meg uses the storm's own force to slingshot her and Calvin atop a cliff wall, where they reunite with Charles. They find themselves in a neighborhood of look-alike homes, children, and mothers; one woman invites them inside but Meg declines, reminding Calvin and Charles not to trust anyone. Their surroundings transform into a crowded beach, where a man introduces himself as Red, assuring them Alex is safe, and offers them food. When Charles says it tastes like sand, Red possesses him through the IT, which Red is actually a puppet of.  Meg and Calvin chase after Red and Charles through the crowd, but are trapped in a seemingly empty, spherical room. Red deactivates while Charles taunts Meg and Calvin. Using Mrs. Who's glasses, Meg finds an invisible staircase to another room where her father is imprisoned. After a tearful reunion, they are dragged by Charles to meet his master. As Calvin and Meg fall under the IT's power, Alex opens a tesseract to escape with the two of them. Refusing to abandon Charles, Meg projects back to Camazotz and confronts the IT in its malevolent, neuron-like form.  Charles and the IT try to force Meg to give in to darkness, menacing her with an idealized version of herself, but Meg embraces her own imperfections and uses her love for her brother to free him. The IT dissipates as the Misses reappear, congratulating Meg and Charles on becoming "warriors of light", and Meg tessers them home. Alex is reunited with his family, and Calvin leaves to confront his father, as Meg looks to the sky, thanking the Misses.
A-X-L is a top-secret, robotic dog created by Andric, a Craine Systems scientist, to assist and protect soldiers. The project is funded by the military. Code-named A-X-L ("Attack, exploration, Logistics") by the scientists who created it, the robot embodies advanced next-generation artificial intelligence. After a trial goes wrong, A-X-L is discovered hiding alone and damaged in the desert by outsider and motorbike racer Miles Hill, himself alone and abandoned by Sam Fontaine after falling from his motorbike during a stunt. Miles and A-X-L connect after the robot's owner-pairing technology is activated. A-X-L goes to great lengths to help and protect his new companion. Becoming himself bonded with A-X-L, Miles teams up with the smart, resourceful Sara Reyes to protect his new best friend.  They go to a remote hideout that Sara uses as an art studio. A-X-L presents Miles with a device which takes a blood sample and completes the pairing process. Sam arrives and confronts Sara, jealous of her relationship with Miles. A-X-L attacks Sam and Miles uses the situation to threaten him, telling him to leave Sara alone. Sara is angry that Miles has inflamed an already bad situation, but says she will not leave Miles. Leaving A-X-L, they go back to Miles' home and tell his father, Chuck, about the robot. Chuck advises them to return it to its owners. Meanwhile, Sam returns with his crew and burns A-X-L with a flamethrower. Sara sees the live recording on her phone and she and Miles take off to save him. They are too late, but A-X-L gives them a location to get him repaired. Meanwhile, a man sent by Andric shows up at Chuck's house and demands to know the location of the device that controls A-X-L. Chuck grows suspicious and outmaneuvers the man, demanding answers to his own questions. The man reveals he is looking for A-X-L.  Miles and Sara take A-X-L to a garage, where the robot begins repairing itself. Andric sees a log of its location and sends a team to retrieve it. The agents arrive and try to retrieve the robot while it is still repairing. The repairs finish just in time, and A-X-L subdues the operatives. As A-X-L reboots, he recalls being burned with a flamethrower, and races off to kill Sam. Miles and Sara rush to stop him. Sam and his friends are partying when A-X-L arrives. Sam tries again to burn him with the flamethrower, but the fuel runs out. Miles and Sara arrive and convince A-X-L not to kill Sam. A swarm of drones arrives and disables A-X-L; Miles and Sara are captured and delivered to Craine Systems. Andric tries to override Miles' control of A-X-L, but fails.  When Miles refuses to reveal where the remote is, Andric programs A-X-L to attack Sara. Sara manages to convince A-X-L not to attack her, by reminding him of how she drew a feather at the hideout. Captain Webber, Andric's military superior, shows up. Andric tries to escape, but is arrested. Knowing they are surrounded, Sara allows herself to be captured. Miles and A-X-L escape, but are pursued by helicopter. They race though hilly terrain until Miles falls from his motorbike. Miles orders A-X-L to run. A-X-L obeys and tries to get as far away as possible before self-destructing, whilst uploading to the Internet all the memories he, Miles and Sara had together. Having finished, A-X-L looks at Miles' image for the last time, and says "Yo! Send it," before finishing the self-destruct sequence. Miles then allows himself to be captured by the military.  Six weeks later, Andric has been imprisoned for violating national security and endangering the lives of civilians. He is visited by Webber, who informs him that A-X-L's code has resurfaced and wants to know what it is doing. Sara and Miles have gone to college with scholarships provided by the military – to buy their silence and to keep an eye on them. Sara and Miles are spending a day hanging out at the beach, studying and playing with their new puppy, when Sara hands him an envelope. Miles opens it and pulls out a note from his dad saying "This yours?". He flips the envelope upside-down and A-X-L's remote falls out into his hand. He asks Sara if he should press it. The device uploads an A-X-L app onto their phones. They realize that A-X-L has somehow survived and is trying to return to them.
Unlike the first two films, ABC's of Death 2½ is composed of 26 "audition films" for the letter M. These films competed for the spot in ABCs of Death 2, with M is for Masticate being the winner. The 26 were chosen out of more than 500 entries, in alphabetical order.
Like the first film, the sequel is divided into 26 individual chapters, each helmed by a different director assigned a letter of the alphabet. The directors were then given free rein in choosing a word to create a story involving death. The varieties of death range from accidents to murders.  A contest was held for the role of the 26th director. The winner was music video director Robert Boocheck, who submitted his short for M.
A group of refugees from Earth land on a planet inhabited by ruthless aliens and fight for their survival.  The film opens on a scene of battle and retreat as spaceship 'arks' are loading civilians for transplant to other worlds. Lt. Frank Baum is one of the military officers in charge of overseeing the loading of the transports. Owing to a bombing run of the city by Earth's alien attackers and riots on the ground by scared people he and a few of his people get shoved into the ship along with the last of people boarding and are removed from Earth along with the regular evacuees. He reluctantly submits to cryo storage when he finds he can't get back to his post on Earth. When the ship finally descends planet-side it breaks up due to atmospheric pressures and crash lands. Many people die in the crash while others end up having to run for their lives after they are attacked on the ground by near-invisible humanoids they christen chameleons. Frank is able to assemble a small group of survivors including a small set of humans who also crash landed two years ago from the Alpha Centauri-bound ark. They find and are aided by a camouflage-skinned native female named Lea. While being chased by the Chameleons they learn of and pursue the goal of finding a left over space ship facing difficulties and fatalities during their journey. Most of the survivors choose to follow Frank in his pursuit of leaving the planet and returning to Earth but one wants to remain and plots to kill the Captain of the ship that brought them there. While they eventually find the ship and are able to scavenge parts from the ark to make it work, their numbers continue to decrease through attrition by native fauna and additional Chameleon attacks. When they finally reach space and are able to get their bearings, they find in a 'Planet of the Apes' twist that they are actually on Earth - 325,000 years after they left.
Renton wakes up beside his former lover, Hannah. Three men break into his bedroom and, when Renton breaks his neck while escaping, he wakes with a start where he was just a moment earlier. The men break in once again and bind him and Hannah to chairs in another room. Their leader, 'Father', says he represents a rebel group known as the Bloc and demands Renton surrender money or "scrips" that he had stolen from their rival organization, the Torus Corporation.  Father and the two other men, Sonny and Brother, leave to eat in another room and Renton is able to cut himself and Hannah loose. He explains that he built the ARQ, a working perpetual motion machine, while working for Torus and then stole the machine. Hannah urges him to comply with the men, but he tries to escape and dies. He wakes with a start back in bed with Hannah, only to relive the same scenario. This time, after freeing the two of them, he asks Hannah to help poison the intruders with cyanide gas. The plan fails when Hannah reveals that she is a member of the Bloc. Renton surrenders the scrips and then Sonny shoots him.  In the next iteration, Renton questions Hannah about her past before freeing her. She admits that she grew to resent him after he abandoned her to Torus, who tortured her. Though he does not trust Hannah, Renton and Hannah work out a deal where they will split the scrips after using the cyanide gas to force Father and his group to stand down. Once they have the three men captured, though, Renton reneges on the deal, demanding that Hannah abandon the Bloc and come with him. Hannah accidentally shoots Renton in an ensuing scuffle. When Renton and Hannah wake up together, she can now recall the previous iteration. Renton theorizes that the ARQ is causing a time loop. He also realizes that the ARQ does not function as a perpetual motion machine, but in fact generates the time loop as a way to continue using the energy from the gasoline used to catalyze the process, making it seem as if it is generating endless energy. Eventually, Sonny reveals himself as a Torus mercenary and kills everyone.  Renton and Hannah agree in the next iteration that they must keep the ARQ from Torus. They convince Father to help them stop Sonny but, once they do, Brother shoots Renton, not realizing that Sonny works for Torus. In the next iteration, Sonny becomes aware of the time loop and immediately kills Father and Brother. When Sonny overpowers them, Renton sacrifices himself to prevent Sonny from acquiring the ARQ.  In the next iteration, Sonny saves Cuz, another mercenary who was fatally electrocuted by the ARQ at the start of every previous loop, then kills Father and Brother. Renton and Hannah poison Sonny and Cuz with the cyanide. Before dying, Sonny sets a trap that kills Hannah, prompting Renton to allow the next iteration to begin. Everyone is now aware of the time loop, and Sonny and Cuz take everyone hostage. After Sonny forces Renton to disable the machine, Father and Brother die in the confusion of a blackout. Renton and Hannah briefly escape and realize the time loop is localized to the house. Renton decides to go back inside to destroy the machine and Hannah goes back with him.  After they kill Cuz, who turns out to have been Hannah's torturer, Sonny restarts the ARQ, only to be killed himself. An interrupted video message and the ARQ's logs reveal a second, outer time loop: after every nine time loops, all of their memories are reset due to the ARQ restarting. They have unknowingly repeated the same nine loops thousands of times. Realizing they are on their ninth loop, Renton and Hannah leave a desperate message to themselves, hoping future iterations can get the ARQ to the Bloc before Torus's reinforcements arrive. After a robot breaks through and kills them, Hannah wakes with a gasp.
David Hargrove is a stockbroker having trouble asking out his co-worker Emily Brandt. At a Christmas party, he offers to drive her home. Reluctantly, he also agrees to drive home his drunk co-worker Corey Thompson. During the ride, Corey has David stop at a local ATM booth, needing to withdraw cash to buy pizza.  When Corey encounters card problems inside the booth, David and Emily join him inside. The three then spot a hooded figure in a parka coat with the hood up lurking outside in the parking lot. David and Emily suspect the figure to be a robber and discover he cannot enter the booth without an ATM card. When the hooded man kills a dog walker, they attempt to phone the police, but Corey lost his phone at the party, David's phone battery is dead, and Emily's phone is in her purse in the car. The hooded man shuts down the booth's heater. David opts to negotiate their safety by giving the killer $500, earrings, and a watch. He uses this to escape to his car, where he finds out that the vehicle's ignition wires have been severed, and the car cannot start. He attempts to call 911, but is attacked by the man. He accidentally drops Emily's phone as he escapes.  Emily uses her lipstick to write "HELP" on the booth's window to attract attention. The three of them are freezing when a security guard locates them. When the guard tries to call the cops, the hooded man beats him to death using a tire iron from David's car trunk. When a man with a similar coat enters the booth, he is killed by David and Corey, but is revealed to be an innocent janitor. Frustrated, Corey leaves, ends up hitting a line of wire, falls, and gets stabbed by the hooded man.  After several hours, David and Emily realize Corey is still alive. They retrieve him from outside, narrowly managing to return to the booth before the hooded man can get to them. The man blocks the booth door with David's car and tries to freeze them to death by filling the booth with cold water. Corey dies of blood loss and hypothermia. David lifts Emily on his shoulders to trigger the fire sprinkler system alarm but he slips, causing Emily to fall and fatally break her neck.  The hooded man slams David's car into the booth. Angered, David improvises a Molotov cocktail and throws it at the killer but the figure he sets ablaze turns out to be the dead guard. The police arrive but arrest David as the hooded man hides himself in the crowd. As David is driven away, he sees many figures wearing parkas in the crowd. The police recover surveillance recordings of the events in the ATM booth, but the killer had planned his actions so as not to appear in the footage, framing David for his crimes. In the final scene, the hooded man returns to his headquarters, where he begins to map out similar attacks on other ATMs.
In 1989, 10-year-old Aaliyah Dana Haughton makes her debut TV appearance on Star Search performing a rendition of "My Funny Valentine". Aaliyah's mother Diane Haughton once aspired to pursue her own career in singing, but is now willing to do anything to help her daughter's take off. Aaliyah's uncle Barry Hankerson is a record producer and the founder and owner of record label Blackground Records. After losing Star Search, Hankerson's ex-wife, Gladys Knight requests to perform with Aaliyah during a five-night stint in Las Vegas. In 1991, Aaliyah is informed by her uncle that she has been offered a record deal with Blackground Records and a signing with Jive Records.  Aaliyah's Uncle Barry approaches one of his biggest clients, R. Kelly to write and produce for his niece. Though disinterested at first, Kelly agrees to write and produce Aaliyah's album after hearing her sing  "Save the Best for Last". Following the release of her debut single "Back & Forth" in May, 1994, Aaliyah becomes a teen success, with "Age Ain't Nothing But A Number" hitting number one, but speculations about her and Kelly dating begin to spread, and although Aaliyah continues to deny any status between the friendship with him. But It is later revealed that the two had illegally married with Aaliyah lying about her age. Aaliyah's angry parents swear to have the marriage annulled by ending their relationship, and Aaliyah's father Michael threatens to have Kelly charged and arrested with statutory rape otherwise, leaving Aaliyah heartbroken and depressed. She later begins working on her second album with Timbaland and Missy Elliott, when her heart is crushed once again upon discovering through the news that Kelly is now married to his backing dancer, Andrea Lee.  Aaliyah's second album One in a Million, featuring the single "Got to Give It Up", is released in 1996, which goes double platinum in the US, making Aaliyah one of the biggest names in music, and recurring her title as The Princess of R&B. The following year, she records "Journey to the Past", the theme song to the film Anastasia, which she performs at the Oscars. She is later offered a role as Trish O'Day in the film Romeo Must Die, co-starring Jet Li. Meanwhile, Aaliyah's mother becomes concerned for her daughter's personal life, and tries to convince her to start dating, but Aaliyah is still disheartened from her separation from Kelly. Aaliyah attends the Hollywood premiere of Romeo Must Die, where she states her next aspired role lies with the upcoming film Queen of the Damned, an adaptation of one of her favorite books.  Following her movie success, Aaliyah moves to New York City where she meets Damon Dash, and the two fall in love. A year later, Aaliyah is set to travel via plane to The Bahamas to shoot a music video for "Rock the Boat", from her third (and final) album, Aaliyah. Damon sees Aaliyah to her limo, the two share a final kiss goodbye, and promise each other, that upon her return, they'll start taking their relationship more seriously, and prioritizing each other over their careers. As the limo drives away, Aaliyah waves goodbye and blows a kiss to Damon, who mouths "I love you", to which she mouths in response, "I love you too". The film ends with texts stating: "On August 25, 2001, after shooting the 'Rock the Boat' music video in the Bahamas, Aaliyah and eight others were killed when their plane crashed shortly after takeoff. She was twenty-two when she died. Her music and legacy will remain in our hearts forever".
Aban and Khorshid, an Iranian gay couple, are in adjacent prison cells, imprisoned and sentenced to death for their relationship. Flashbacks show Khorshid recording Aban, asking him to say his name and to sing, which Aban does. He asks Khorshid to tell him how they first met; on Chaharshanbe Suri, when Khorshid and some others were lighting a fire, Aban appeared "out of nowhere".   Back in their cells, Khorshid asks Aban what superpower he would like to have, and says he'd like to fly. Aban recalls sipping tea and pretending to be a vampire, using cucumbers as fangs. After remembering this, he complains about being hungry, so Khorshid pretends to order food for the both of them. The couple is shown having sex. Aban asks what it will be like after they die; Khorshid answers that nothing will happen afterwards, and nobody will bother them. Aban stares out of his cell's window and remembers Khorshid laughing and joking about his large appetite. However, the couple's joyful moment is interrupted by police breaking into their home and violently arresting them. Khorshid passes Aban a photograph of the two, who in the photo are a glowing white dot.  Aban and Khorshid, both blindfolded, are roughly taken out of a truck and led to the gallows, where they will be publicly hanged. On the gallows, Aban answers Khorshid's question about superpowers, saying that he would also like to fly. He begins to break down, begging to have his blindfold removed so he can look at Khorshid one last time. To calm Aban, Khorshid tells him to "grab his wing". They hold each other's bound hands, but lose their grip.
Mary Walsh is a banker who is taking her boyfriend of four months Kevin Peterson to the hospital for a routine outpatient surgery. A nurse tells her the surgery will be exactly one hour. When she returns to take Kevin home, she discovers that he has mysteriously disappeared. An administrator can find no record of Kevin, and when Mary contacts the police, Detective Franklin arrives and initiates a search for Kevin but finds no evidence of Kevin having been at the facility.  Increasingly frantic, Mary is taken to staff psychiatrist Dr. Bensley, who deems her to be mentally unstable. She is then tasked to find her missing boyfriend and prove her sanity.  Mary is then approached by an anonymous older man claiming to know of Kevin's whereabouts. A ransom of 10 million dollars is demanded and Mary has one hour to comply or her boyfriend's life will be at risk. She has to embezzle from her bank. When she transfers the funds as directed she comes face to face with Kevin and realizes the truth.  It is revealed that Kevin is part of the gang who allegedly kidnapped him and that Mary has been trapped in an elaborate scheme aimed at stealing the 10 million dollars from her bank and with Mary being the only witness to the activity of the gang, they decide that they need to kill her.  Mary escapes from the one gang member who attempts to kill her and in doing so she kills him. Holloway's cell phone rings and she hears the others waiting on confirmation that Mary has been killed. Kevin realizes that Mary is still alive and orders the others to return and kill her. The gang attempt to run Mary down in their car, but she manages to escape through a doorway prompting two of the gang to chase her while Amanda stays behind. Mary kills Cooper and continues to evade the other.  Detective Franklin, chasing a lead, uncovers the plot and races back to the hospital. When he arrives he manages to apprehend one of the criminals. He also steps in to save Mary's life by shooting an armed Kevin. Kevin then falls to his death.
Nathan Harper is an 18-year-old high school senior living in the suburbs of Pittsburgh, Pennsylvania, with his parents Kevin and Mara. He has troubles from recurring nightmares and has been seeing psychiatrist Dr. Geraldine "Geri" Bennett to treat him.  Nathan is teamed with Karen Murphy for a school research project on missing children. He discovers he looks very much like an age-progression photo of a missing child, Steven Price. His investigations show that he and his parents are probably biologically unrelated. He approaches his mother and she confirms the truth.  Two men claiming to be from the Bridgewater Juvenile Justice Department arrive at Nathan's home while Mara has finished confirming to Nathan that his suspicions are true. Mara is suspicious and attacks the two, but is shot and killed by the intruders. Kevin is also killed, but not before shouting for Nathan to run. Nathan runs but returns for Karen, who is captured. Nathan rescues her and attempts to find out who the man is, but is forced out of the house because of a bomb.  The blast injures Karen, so Nathan takes her to the hospital and attempts to contact the police. His call is intercepted by CIA operative Frank Burton, who tells Nathan he is in danger and he will send two men to collect him. Dr. Bennett helps him and Karen escape. Burton explains that Nathan's biological father, Martin Price, stole an encrypted list of 25 corrupt CIA operatives from the Serbian terrorist and freelance intelligence broker Nikola Kozlow when Nathan was 3. Kozlow then planned on abducting Nathan to coerce Martin to hand over the list. Nathan had been given to his adoptive parents to protect him. Kozlow used the website to claim Nathan as the missing child Steven Price in order to find him. Dr. Bennett gives Nathan the address of a safe house in Arlington, Virginia and tells him to trust only Martin and a man named Paul Rasmus. Burton is warned by his superior to end the situation as soon as possible once he learns of Bennett, who is revealed to be a former CIA operative.  Arriving at the safehouse: the two obtain money, a gun, a photo of Nathan's biological mother Lorna Price, and a cell phone. Karen tries to call her family, but her call is intercepted by Burton and the CIA, as well as Kozlow, forcing them to flee. Finding the address for his mother, the pair discover the address is a cemetery and Lorna has died. Nathan and Karen find fresh flowers at her grave: the sender is Paul Rasmus, who lives in Nebraska. The two take an Amtrak passenger train to get there, using fake IDs provided by their friend Gilly. En route, they confess their feelings and share a kiss. They are unaware that they are being followed by Kozlow's right-hand man, who abducts Karen. He leaves her bound and gagged, but she frees herself. Nathan fights the assailant and throws him out the window. Burton's team finds Kozlow's henchman and tracks them down.  Burton explains the data that Martin had stolen to Nathan, who considers that it may contain Burton's name on the list. The agents are attacked by Kozlow's snipers. Nathan and Karen flee in a car but Kozlow calls and threatens to kill Karen's parents if Nathan does not hand over the data. Nathan gets Kozlow to agree to make the transaction at a Pittsburgh Pirates baseball game at their home stadium, PNC Park.  Nathan works with Gilly to obtain tickets and secures a gun with the intent to kill Kozlow. When Kozlow arrives, he tells Nathan how he killed his mother when Nathan was 3 after she refused to give up Martin's location. Kozlow grabs the gun from Nathan and demands the list, Nathan bolts and Kozlow gives chase, followed by CIA operatives. Nathan is called by Martin, who tells him to trust him and run to the south parking lot. Nathan does so and Kozlow is shot and killed by Martin. Burton and his agents arrive, and Burton asks for the cell phone. However, Martin had warned his superior about Burton's corruption and takes the phone himself while Burton is taken into custody. Martin calls Nathan again, apologizing for not being the father he should have been. Nathan asks him to show himself but Martin refuses. However, he assures Nathan no one will harm him or Karen and then he disappears. Bennett arrives with Karen and says she has arranged for Nathan to live with her until he decides what to pursue in his life. Nathan and Karen go on a date.
The titular Alex (Jason Ritter) dresses himself at his old family home before filling a bathtub. After getting in, he posts a tweet, after a series of unanswered phone calls to his college friend Ben (Nate Parker), drops the phone into the water, and slits his wrists.  After hearing about Alex’s attempted suicide, his old college friends gather at his family’s country house: Ben and Siri (Maggie Grace), a married couple at a career crossroads; Josh (Max Greenfield), a disenchanted PhD candidate; Sarah (Aubrey Plaza), an un-happy M&A attorney; and Isaac (Max Minghella), a businessman from San Francisco and his date Kate (Jane Levy), who happens to work at a suicide hotline. Sarah suggests that they watch Alex in shifts while Josh suggests they confront Alex about his near suicide. Reunited for the first time in years, old flirtations are reignited.  Siri confides in Sarah that she may be pregnant, after receiving a dream job offer in Los Angeles. Josh is at a stalemate in writing his dissertation.  Ben has been unable to finish his novel, and Sarah is left unfulfilled in her job as an attorney. The group is unable to clean the downstairs bathroom where Alex tried to kill himself and they rely solely on the upstairs bathroom. Sarah is hostile towards Kate because of her lingering feelings for Isaac but rekindles an old fling with Josh. Siri confides in Alex that Ben is having writer's block.  While fishing, the men come across a dog whom they name Timmy, and Kate goes food shopping with Sarah. The group gets high and drunk, and Kate agrees to monitor the suicide hotline despite the fact that she is high for the first time. Ben and Siri have a serious talk about their standing as a couple when Siri admits that she may be pregnant. After dinner, Siri, Ben, Sarah, Josh, and Alex then play a drinking game that turns hostile when Josh and Ben ask Alex why he tried to kill himself, causing a shift in the group dynamic. Afterward, Sarah rejects Josh and accosts him for not committing to her during their college years. In the meantime, Siri tells Alex she feels guilty for her and Ben’s problems, and they kiss. Empowered by her confrontation with Josh, Sarah later rejects Isaac's advances after he kisses her, citing that she is over him and what he has with Kate is real.  Josh and Ben have a talk when they encounter Sarah asks about Alex's whereabouts. They disperse to ensure that he has not tried another suicide attempt. Ben discovers Alex and Siri in the midst of making out (albeit clothed) and flees in Isaac’s rental car but crashes it into a tree. Meanwhile, Kate finds Isaac after a call and asks him to bed.  When Sunday arrives, Isaac offers to invest in Sarah and her culinary ambitions, and they playfully dance around the idea. Alex finds Ben, whose writer's block has been broken. The two reconcile and return to the house. After they return, Ben and Siri have a discussion about their relationship. As they all prepare to return to their respective lives, Alex announces that he is going to work with Kate at the suicide prevention hotline, and Ben is staying at the house to write for a while.  Before the group departs, they opt to take a group photo. Kate, after Isaac affirms his dedication to her, offers to take the photo. As the group poses, a flashback of Ben inviting Alex to their table in college appears.
Angelina (Hinshaw) is an 18-year-old girl not far from graduating from high school. Her boyfriend Bobby (Weston) suggests that she should take naked pictures of herself and sell them. She is initially hesitant, but eventually does the photo shoot and uses the money to run away to San Francisco with her best friend Andrew (Patel). At a strip club party in the city, Angelina meets a wealthy lawyer named Francis (Franco), who offers to introduce her to a glamorous world of expensive dresses and lavish parties. Angelina also meets Margaret (Graham), a former porn star turned adult film director. Margaret offers Angelina, now using the porn name Cherry, direction in her entry into the San Francisco porn industry.Casting Bits: Val Kilmer, Ving Rhames Board 'Seven Below', Rodrigo Santoro Joins 'What to Expect When You’re Expecting', Jonny Weston Gets 'Cherry' SlashFilm. 6 July 2011New Poster For Stephen Elliott's About Cherry Starring James Franco Wegothiscovered. 20 July 2012 Angelina makes several soft pornography films before deciding to do a hardcore film. After Angelina shoots the film, an angry Francis chastises her before getting them in a car accident.  Angelina returns home to find Andrew masturbating to one of her films. After an argument, she decides to leave and meets Margaret at a bar. They make out before returning to Margaret's apartment to have sex. The final scene is of Angelina some time afterwards, having moved in with Margaret and becoming her lover, and takes on a new job as a porn director.
Danny is a salesman working in the restaurant supply business along with his friend, ladies' man Bernie. Bernie invites Danny on a double date, where he meets Debbie, a friend of Joan, Bernie's latest sexual partner. He is still pining over his ex-girlfriend Alison, but begins a relationship with Debbie. They have a more conventional romance, while Bernie and Joan are constantly antagonistic towards each other, and eventually mutually end their relationship.  Several months later, Danny and Debbie move in together. Bernie regularly mocks Danny about his relationship, accusing him of being emasculated and under Debbie's control. Danny and Debbie begin to argue more frequently about a variety of topics, but particularly about Danny's apparent lack of commitment to their relationship. He is fired from his job for extending credit to bar owner Casey, and begins working at Casey's as a bartender.  While working, Danny is surprised by Alison. After she gets too drunk and refuses to go to her own home, Danny brings her to his apartment, where she flirts with him. The same night, Debbie, who is on a business trip, is propositioned by her coworker and ex Steven; both reject their exes.  After another argument at a New Year’s Eve party, Debbie breaks up with Danny and moves out. Both of them continue to be emotionally affected by their relationship, and have difficulty being with other people. Meanwhile, Bernie and Joan rekindle their relationship, based on their mutual enjoyment of antagonizing each other. Danny calls Debbie hoping to meet up, but is rejected.  Bernie and Joan's relationship continues to grow, eventually leading them to move in together, despite both of them having had discouraged Danny and Debbie from moving in while together. Walking the dog that he and Debbie got as a couple, he runs into her, they having been set up to run into each other by Bernie and Joan. They talk and agree to give their relationship another chance.
Tim Lake grows up in Cornwall, in a house by the sea with his father James, mother Mary, absent-minded uncle Desmond, and free-spirited younger sister Katherine ("Kit Kat"). On his 21st birthday, Tim learns from his father that the men of his family have the ability to travel back in time to moments they have lived before. James discourages his son from using his gift to acquire money or fame, and Tim decides he will use it to improve his love life.  The following summer, Kit Kat's friend Charlotte visits. Tim is instantly smitten, but waits until the end of her stay to tell her how he feels; she tells him that he should have told her earlier. Tim travels back in time to tell Charlotte in the middle of the holiday, but she advises him to wait until her last day. Heartbroken, Tim realises she is uninterested in him, and that time travel cannot change anyone's mind. Believing he has lost true love, Tim becomes jaded.  Tim moves to London to pursue a career as a lawyer, living with his father's acquaintance, Harry, an angry misanthropic playwright. Tim visits a Dans le Noir restaurant, where he meets Mary, an American immigrant who works for a publisher. They flirt in the darkness, and afterward, Mary gives Tim her phone number. Tim returns home to find a distraught Harry, whose opening night of his new play has been ruined by an actor forgetting his lines. Tim goes back in time to help the actor, and the play is a triumph.  However, when Tim tries to call Mary, he discovers that by going back in time to help Harry, the evening with Mary never occurred. He recalls Mary's obsession with Kate Moss and finds Mary a week later at a Kate Moss exhibition. However, he discovers that she now has a boyfriend. Tim goes back in time having discovered when and where they met, turning up early before the potential boyfriend arrives, and persuades Mary to leave with him instead. Their relationship develops and Tim moves in with Mary. One night, he encounters Charlotte who now seems interested in him, something Tim initially seems to consider, but turns her down upon the invitation of intimacy, realising that he is in love with Mary. He proposes; they marry and have a daughter, Posy.  Kit Kat's relationship and employment struggles lead her to drunkenly crash her car on Posy's first birthday. As Kit Kat recovers, Tim decides to intervene in her life: he prevents the crash and takes Kit Kat back in time to avert her unhappy relationship with Jimmy. They manage to return to the present, where Tim finds Posy has never been born and he has a son instead. James explains that they cannot change events prior to their children's birth and ensure that that exact child will still be conceived. Tim accepts that he cannot change his sister's life by changing her past; he allows the crash to occur, ensuring Posy's birth, and he and Mary help Kit Kat face her problems to improve her own life. She settles down with Tim's friend Jay and has a child of her own. Tim and Mary have another child, a baby boy, ensuring Kit Kat's future.  Tim learns his father has terminal lung cancer and that time travel cannot change it, as going back to remove his habitual smoking would undo his and Kit Kat's conception. His father has known for some time, traveling back in time to effectively extend his life and spend more time with his family. He tells Tim to live each day twice in order to be truly happy: first, with all the everyday tensions and worries, but the second time noticing how sweet the world can be. Tim follows this advice; his father dies, but Tim travels to the past to visit whenever he misses him.  Mary tells Tim she wants a third child. He is reluctant because it means he will not be able to visit his father again. Tim tells his father that he cannot visit anymore, and together they travel back to relive a fond memory from Tim's early childhood, taking care not to actually change the experience to avoid causing any changes to the present. Mary gives birth to a baby girl, and Tim knows he can never see his father again. Tim comes to realise that it is better to live each day once, deciding from that point on to not time travel at all, and comes to appreciate life with his family as if he is living it for the second time.
Susan Smith is a drug addict who lives with her abusive boyfriend Cash and two young daughters in a run-down trailer in Pikeville, Kentucky. She meets ambitious rookie agent assigned to an FBI field office and he recruits Susan as his informant for a high-profile case. Susan believes her bad luck may finally be changing, but as their relationship deepens, so does the danger, setting in motion a downward spiral of jealousy, betrayal and violence resulting in one of the most notorious crimes in FBI history.
After the death of her mom, a young woman named Holly (Olivia Thirlby) has faded from the world to the point of becoming invisible where her family, teachers, and classmates can't see her. After more than a decade existing in the shadows, Holly meets the one man who can see her, Shayne Blackwell (Alan Ritchson), a disgraced MMA fighter. Holly discovers that it was one of her tabloid photographs that caused his downfall, and she must restore him to his former glory if she wants to regain a foothold in the world around her. With Shayne, Holly awakens to love, but also to the possibility that she may remain invisible forever.
After his mother Nancy Lincoln falls victim to an illness that requires her to be tied to her bed, vicious and cannibalistic, 10-year-old Abraham Lincoln sees his father Thomas Lincoln commit suicide at her bedside. Taking up a scythe, the distraught young Abe tells his mother that he loves her before beheading her. He then joins others in his community in containing a local zombie outbreak.  When an adult Abraham Lincoln has become President of a fracturing United States, he is apprised of rumors concerning a prominent Confederate stronghold. He is told that a regiment of 30 men had gone to Confederate Fort Pulaski to seize it from the Confederates and only one man returned barely alive. When questioning the survivor, Lincoln discovers the soldier has an illness that seems to bring corpses back to life. He then personally leads a team of the newly established secret service to accompany him in investigating the fort.  They get to the fort and are attacked by Confederate survivors led by General Stonewall Jackson as well as by several of the infected people. Abe kills one of his men who had been bitten by one of the infected and explains to the others in his party that if they are bitten or scratched by an infected person, or if an infected person's blood makes contact with their mouths or eyes, that they too will become infected and, within twenty-four hours, would no longer be considered "human". More are lost when attempting to investigate the surrounding neighborhood, and Abe encounters an old flame turned prostitute Mary Owens who is sheltering her help, including a young Theodore Roosevelt, daughter Sophia and prostitute Annika to protect them from the invasion.  The group makes their way back to the fort where Jackson refuses to kill the infected, believing them to only be sick and in need of care. He claims Lincoln's actions are only against the members of the Confederacy. Based on an old Bantu word he'd learned from his mother, Agent Brown names the infected persons "zombies". Pat Garrett volunteers to help Abe, and guides them to a nearby plantation that has farming implements and other weapons they can use to combat the threat.  When returning to the fort, Mary is splashed in the face with zombie blood and soon falls ill. Meanwhile, agent John Wilkinson protests the killing and asks to remain behind as the rest of the group heads into the township to kill off the infected. Being greatly outnumbered, only Abe, Theodore, and Sophia return when the others are slaughtered. Wilkinson, who is revealed to be a spy, plots to kill Lincoln while he is alone but changes his mind when he catches Abe praying, as in his mind prayer would ensure Lincoln's soul going to heaven. After being convinced by Pat Garrett that Lincoln is right and escape is unlikely, Stonewall shows Abe a secret cache of gunpowder. They then decide to use the explosive to blow up the fort after trapping and containing the zombies inside. When the fuse goes out, Stonewall ventures down alone to re-light it, but is over-run and killed by the zombies just after doing so. Abe and Brown escape just in time and the entire place goes up. Mary accepts her fate and goes off with Lincoln to die, much to Sophia's heartbreak.  Eighteen months later, Abe goes to visit Mary who had been in the care of a doctor investigating the illness in vain hope of finding a cure. As Abe cleans wounds caused by her restraining shackles, Mary grabs his hand, scratching his skin, infecting him (much to his horror), and forcing him to kill her. Knowing he is himself incurable, Abe requests that a message be sent to John Wilkinson, as earlier he had discovered that Wilkinson was actually John Wilkes Booth who had a plot to kidnap Lincoln in response to the end of the war and the Union the victor. The message gives Booth the information to know exactly where Lincoln would be the following night at the theater, thus leading to his assassination (purposely arranged by Lincoln to prevent another outbreak) at Booth's hands.
In 1818, Abraham Lincoln lives in Indiana with parents Nancy, and Thomas who works at a plantation owned by Jack Barts. There, Lincoln befriends a young African-American boy, William Johnson, and intervenes when Johnson is beaten by a slaver. Because of this, Thomas is fired. That night, Lincoln sees Barts break into their home and attack Nancy, who falls ill and dies the next day.  Nine years later, Lincoln attacks Barts at the docks in revenge, but discovers that he is a vampire. Before Barts can kill him, Lincoln is rescued by Henry Sturges, who had earlier met him at a bar. Sturges offers to teach Lincoln how to be a vampire hunter and he accepts. After a decade of training, they travel to Springfield, Illinois. Sturges explains that the vampires in America descend from Adam, a powerful vampire who owns a plantation in New Orleans with his sister, Vadoma. Sturges reveals the vampires' weakness is silver, and presents him with a silver pocket watch.  In Springfield, Lincoln begins hunting vampires named in letters by Sturges, befriends shopkeeper Joshua Speed and meets Mary Todd. Though Sturges warns him of forming close relationships, Lincoln develops romantic feelings for Mary. Later, Lincoln successfully finds and kills Barts, but not before learning Sturges is also a vampire. Lincoln confronts Sturges, who reveals that Adam turned him and killed his wife, as he was impure, and she wasn't. Vampires cannot kill each other so Sturges needs hunters like Lincoln to get his revenge.  Feeling betrayed, Lincoln abandons his mission, but his actions have been noticed by Adam, who captures him after being lured to a trap by kidnapping Johnson. Adam tries to recruit him to his cause to turn America into a nation of the undead, but Lincoln refuses before the two are rescued by Speed.  Lincoln marries Mary Todd and begins his political career, campaigning to abolish slavery, despite Sturges warning him that the slave trade keeps vampires under control due to being their food source. After Lincoln's election as President of the United States of America, he moves to the White House with Mary, where they have a son, William Wallace Lincoln, who is later bitten by Vadoma as retaliation and dies.  After Confederate President Jefferson Davis convinces Adam to deploy his vampires to the front lines, Lincoln orders the confiscation of all the silver and melted to produce silver weapons to be transportation on a train. Speed seemingly betrays Lincoln by informing Adam about the train, which Adam then attacks after setting fire to an upcoming trestle. During the fight, Speed is killed, and Adam learns that the train holds only rocks, revealing Speed's betrayal was a ruse to lure Adam into a trap. Lincoln uses his watch to punch Adam, killing him, before escaping with Sturges and Johnson as the burning trestle beneath the train collapses.   Meanwhile, Mary and the ex-slaves have transported the silver to Gettysburg through the Underground Railroad. While delivering the silver to the army, Mary recognizes Vadoma and kills her by shooting a silver necklace bearing the sword of one of William's toy soldiers. Armed with silver weapons, the Union soldiers destroy the vampires and turn the tide.   Nearly two years later, on April 14, 1865, Lincoln celebrates the end of the war as Sturges informs him that the remaining vampires have fled the country and tries to convince Lincoln to become a vampire, who declines before leaving with Mary for a play.  In modern times, Sturges approaches a man at a bar in Washington, D.C., just as he once did with Abraham.
After seven years, Tricia, a pregnant woman who lives alone in a neighborhood of Glendale, California, is finally ready to accept that her missing husband, Daniel, will not return. As she prepares to declare him dead in absentia, her younger sister Callie, a former addict, comes to stay with her. She gives Tricia a children's book, The Three Billy Goats Gruff, a traditional fairy tale whose story provides a subtext to the film in its foreshadowing of a bridge controlled by an evil entity. Together, they work to obtain Daniel's death certificate and find a new apartment for Tricia. As the date approaches, Tricia has terrifying nightmares and hallucinations about Daniel that her psychiatrist interprets as stress and guilt. While jogging, Callie runs into a gaunt man in a tunnel who seems shocked that she can see him. He introduces himself as Walter Lambert and begs her to contact his son, but she runs off. Later, she returns with food and leaves it in the tunnel, which she finds empty.  When Callie discovers a pile of small metal objects on their doorstop, she assumes they were left there by Walter, so she places them at the tunnel entrance. A man walking by advises her not to do so and deposits a trash bag in the same spot. She later finds the pile of metal objects on her bed. Detective Mallory, who has been investigating Daniel's disappearance and is romantically involved with Tricia, responds to the call and chastises the women for leaving their door unlocked in a dangerous neighborhood. In her restlessness, Callie secretly relapses into drug use. Tricia decides to finally sign Daniel's death certificate and go out on a date with Mallory, only to meet a bloody and barefoot Daniel suddenly appearing in front of her house.  At the hospital, doctors diagnose Daniel as severely malnourished, dehydrated, and physically abused. Daniel seems surprised that others can see him and can only explain that he was "underneath.” He does not respond to any question and seems to be in deep fear of the tunnel in front of his house. Mallory comes by to talk with Tricia, attempting to convince her to leave Daniel and be with him. Though she refuses, the two kiss. At the same time, Daniel explains to Callie that he made a trade with an insectoid creature that hides in the walls of the tunnel. Callie investigates strange movements by the bathroom and is knocked unconscious. When she wakes, she sees a creature pull Daniel into the tunnel and through the tunnel's solid walls. Callie lies about her relapse in front of the detectives, but Tricia finds her stash and accuses her of hallucinating the incident. In response, Callie shows Tricia information she found on the internet about cases of people who went missing in the neighborhood from the past 100 years, including Walter; Lambert's son claims that he was taken by monsters.  The next day, the police discover Walter's bloody body at the entrance to the tunnel, while the man Callie saw earlier is revealed to be his son, Jamie. The police accuse Jamie of kidnapping local pets, and he implies that he has been offering them as sacrifices to recover his father. Tricia and Callie are attacked by the creature, who kidnaps Tricia. Callie files a missing person report before returning to the tunnel to offer a "trade,” wishing to sacrifice her life in return for Tricia's. To her shock, the creature brings back Tricia's unborn fetus instead. The creature then proceeds to claim her, leaving only her empty shoe behind.  Mallory finds an envelope Callie left for him that contains her research. His fellow detective, Lonergan, assures him that they will keep the cases open indefinitely. He speculates that Jamie, whom he suspects to be a serial killer, may have killed Tricia and Callie, but Mallory chooses to believe that Callie ran away and Tricia is happily living off the land somewhere. While Mallory puts up posters, he sees an apparition of Callie standing in the tunnel, but when he investigates more closely, she is gone. As he walks away, Callie watches him from the tunnel as the creature's limb rests on her shoulder.
The ever-glamorous and self-indulgent Edina Monsoon and Patsy Stone are now in their 60s. Edina's PR company is in decline and her attempt to release an autobiography falls through when a publisher rejects the manuscript. While setting up designer Huki Muki's fashion event, Patsy learns that supermodel Kate Moss is looking for a new PR agent, and immediately calls Edina to inform her. Their phone call is overheard by Edina's PR rival Claudia Bing when Edina accidentally leaves her phone on speaker.  Edina and Patsy attend the fashion event with Edina's 13-year-old granddaughter Jane (who Edina calls "Lola"), while Saffron "Saffy" Monsoon, Edina's daughter and Jane's mother, goes out on a date with her new boyfriend Nick. Edina finds Kate Moss on a balcony overlooking the Thames. When both Edina and Claudia attempt to approach Kate, Edina accidentally topples Kate into the river. Among the witnesses is Lulu, one of Edina's remaining clients, who is at odds with Edina after being replaced as a performer at the event.  Hysteria pervades the event as Kate is presumed dead. The media immediately storm the scene to report her disappearance and assumed death. Edina and Patsy, along with Jane, are taken into police custody. Saffy arrives to see them with Nick, who is revealed to be a police detective.  After being released the following day, Edina becomes the target of hate mail and Internet trolls, while Patsy has been fired from her job because of her association with Edina. At night, the pair take a boat to the Thames to search for Kate's body, using Edina's personal assistant Bubble as a searching device, but she disappears into the water. They decide to flee the country before the media firestorm worsens, taking Jane and her credit card along. The three land in Cannes, while back in London, Saffy desperately searches for Jane, eventually discovering Edina's whereabouts through her stylist, Christopher.  In Cannes, Edina and Patsy try to devise money-making schemes. After Patsy fails to convince a wealthy former lover to marry her, the two happen upon an elderly baroness who is the richest woman in the world. In order to gain access to her fortune, Patsy disguises herself as a man named Pat Stone and flirts with her. The following day, Patsy marries the baroness, granting Edina and Patsy the lavish lifestyle they had been pursuing, as they stay in a luxury hotel with Dame Joan Collins and Dame Edna Everage as fellow guests.  Meanwhile, Emma Bunton, who saw Edina and Patsy in public, tells Lulu about their whereabouts. Lulu flies out to Cannes and meets with Bubble, who is alive and has bought a massive Cannes pavilion after embezzling money from Edina's company for years. Saffy arrives in Cannes with Nick and immediately heads to the hotel to find Jane, who is with Emma.  A vengeful Lulu reports Edina and Patsy's location to the police. The police find Edina and Patsy and chase them through the town, the duo escaping in a hijacked three-wheeled delivery van. As they reach Bubble's pavilion, the van's brakes fail and they roll backwards and fall into an infinity pool attached to Bubble's house. Saffy arrives at the scene to find Edina and Patsy slowly sinking into the pool, still inside the van. Edina apologises to Saffy for being greedy, self-centred and a neglectful mother. In response, Saffy tells her that she loves her. When Bubble reveals that Kate Moss is alive, Edina immediately exits the van, realising she is innocent.  People all over the world celebrate the fact that Kate Moss is alive. As Kate's new PR, Edina revitalises her own career and finally launches her autobiography, while Kate has been in even more demand since she was found. At Saffy's insistence, Patsy reluctantly reveals to the baroness that she is in fact a woman, not a man called "Pat". The baroness, in turn, reveals that she is actually a man.
Vladik Zorich, a crime lord whose tentacles permeate the underbelly of a seedy Los Angeles as he deals in guns, gambling, drugs and skin trafficking, finds himself double-crossed by his most trusted operative Rhona Zyocki. Vladik's propensity for power, control, and violence drives him to kidnap Rhona's young son, forcing Rhona to participate in a planned elimination of Vladik's enemies and identities. As her son's life hangs in the balance, she struggles to find and kill Vladik's most violent and twisted foes and regain valuable goods and information, all in one fateful night. To keep her on a short leash, Vladik sets out the 'rules' to his 'game' and oversees Rhona's every move as she navigates the darkened streets of Los Angeles. He underestimates the power of a mother's love, and loses control as his devious plan slowly unravels.
Mike Fallon is an assassin who specializes in disguising his kills as accidents, and he is a regular at an assassins' pub called Oasis, where a retired Big Ray is the bartender. Fellow regulars include Carnage Cliff, who kills his victims with an axe; Poison Pete; Mick and Mac, military veterans; Finnicky Fred, who invents and sells unorthodox weapons; and Jane the Ripper, an expert swordswoman. After killing an accountant named Archie Rudd, Mike gets a call from Milton, who assigns the assassins their missions. Milton asks Mike to receive his payment for the kill in an alleyway, but Mike is attacked by an amateur assassin, whom he kills easily.   Mike accuses Milton of setting him up, but Milton denies this. Mike learns that his ex-girlfriend Beth has been murdered in a botched burglary and was pregnant with his child. Hearing that the alleged perpetrators had overdosed immediately afterwards, Mike becomes suspicious and steals the police report, where he deduces that Mick and Mac were responsible, as they specialize in disguising assassinations as random street crimes. Mike accuses Mick and Mac, and they confess to killing Beth, but deny knowledge of their client's identity. Enraged, Mike fights and defeats them, and Big Ray reminds Mike never to get emotionally involved in his line of work.   Mike goes to Beth's apartment and asks her girlfriend Charlie whether Beth's environmentalist activities made her enemies. They argue until Cliff breaks in and attacks Charlie. Mike inadvertently kills Cliff, tracks down Milton, and tortures him to reveal who ordered the hit on Beth, a man named Leonard Kent. Big Ray reluctantly orders a hit on Mike for killing Cliff. Years earlier, 15-year-old Mike worked as a paperboy and was bullied every day on his route. While hiding from his bullies, Mike noticed a man mysteriously walking away from a house that explodes later. After recording and spying on him for weeks, Mike confronts the man and blackmails him to teach him to become an assassin. Big Ray takes him as an apprentice and has him kill the bullies's leader as his first kill. Ray has photographs incriminating Mike in the murder, and warns Mike to never betray him. Ray teaches Mike what he needs to be a professional assassin and becomes a father figure to Mike.   Charlie reveals that Beth had collected information on Pankot Petroleum, a corrupt Indian oil company, provided by Archie Rudd. Mike confronts Kent, who turns over a recording of another man ordering him to have Beth killed. Suddenly, Mick and Mac arrive and kill Kent, where Mac is killed in friendly fire and Mike bludgeons Mick with a fire extinguisher.   Pete ambushes Mike outside the building, but he kills him easily. Mike spares Fred by knocking him out and goes to the house of Kent's employer and an oil tycoon Atal Zim, where he kills Jane with her own katana and rejects Zim's bribery attempts and decapitates him.   Back at the Oasis, Mike confronts Milton and plays the rest of Kent's recording, revealing that Milton had ordered to kill Mike in the alleyway and assigned Mick, Mac, and Cliff to eliminate all loose ends. Enraged, Big Ray assaults Milton and Mike offers him a band-aid that Fred had developed for poisoning. Milton applies the bandage and slowly dies. Big Ray allows Mike to leave, but warns him to never return to Oasis. Mike leaves and vows to protect the city as a vigilante.
Alice is a waitress in a small Indiana town. She and her boyfriend, Indiana State Trooper Scott, are on a dinner date. Just as he pulls out a ring and starts proposing to her, a repairman using a nail gun in the middle of the fancy restaurant falls and fires a nail into her head.  Doctors refuse to operate, because she does not have health insurance. They inform her that the nail will influence her psychologically, making her sexually uninhibited, prone to fits of anger and rage, and randomly speak Portuguese. Scott temporarily rescinds his proposal, not wanting to marry a woman prone to bouts of anger.  Alice's parents hold a fundraiser to cover her operation, but only come up with $600. Aunt Rita, the local vet, performs a free but unsuccessful operation. Alice reacts with a temper tantrum, and Scott breaks things off; he starts dating Alice's co-worker.  Alice is consoled by local pastor Reverend Norm, who is suffering from an experimental drug's effect which caused a perpetual erection. He is accompanied by Keyshawn, who has a problem with a prolapsed anus that is also pending treatment. Neither of them has healthcare coverage.  Alice sees junior Congressman Howard Birdwell speak on television about how he wants to serve the people of Indiana, inviting his constituents to bring their issues to him. Alice decides to go to Washington, D.C., with Reverend Norm and Keyshawn.  They reach Howard's office, but are sent away when House Whip Pam Hendrickson arrives. Hendrickson is bullying Howard into helping her become Speaker of the House, and also raise funds for her military Moon-base initiative.  Keyshawn falls in love with Congress security guard Rakeesha and departs with her on a date, while Reverend Norm goes back to their motel to nurse his erection. Alice waits in the hallway for Howard. Just when they meet, her lack of sexual inhibition kicks in, with the two having sex in a cloakroom. Howard promises to help Alice if she agrees to support the Moon-base funding.  Hendrickson has garnered the support of the Squaw Girls, who are falsely promised an appearance by Shakira at their national jamboree.  Alice and the Squaw Girls do their bit to promote the Moon-base at a press event. However, House Speaker Buck McCoy is so impressed with the Moon-base hype that he makes it "his" project, taking credit while enjoying the Squaw Girl cookies that were baked in honor of the Moon-base. McCoy chokes on his cookie and though they try to revive him with a defibrillator, Hendrickson secretly unplugs it and McCoy dies.  At the funeral, Alice hijacks the podium and convinces those present that McCoy wanted everyone to have healthcare and did not care about the Moon-base. The Squaw Girls, upset with the betrayal over Shakira, promote the Moon-base cookies as toxic and start promoting the "Alice's Law" healthcare bill.  Hendrickson plots revenge. She has her aide, Edwin, afflict the Squaw Girls with poison ivy and create a false narrative that they are promoting childhood lesbianism. Howard disappears and Hendrickson brings Scott from Indiana to convince Alice to return home as his girlfriend. Alice discovers the ruse and asks Scott to help her. Scott finds Howard at a retreat, trying to regain his manhood, and convinces Howard to return.  When congress convenes and Hendrickson is promoted to Speaker, she reveals that Howard slept with multiple female lobbyists to promote his own issues, doing the same with Alice. Howard confesses, drops the health care bill and returns to the party fold. Alice tries to ask congress to consider her plight, but they overwhelmingly vote against the health care bill.  Alice is packing to leave when it is revealed that Howard successfully tacked a health care billtightly specified to cover the maladies of Alice and her friendsto the moon-base bill. The bill passed, with Hendrickson admitting to reporters that members of Congress rarely read the bills. Howard is forced to resign.  Reverend Norm officiates the wedding of Rakeesha and new congressional candidate Keyshawn. Alice is about to propose to Howard when Keyshawn damages her eye with a champagne cork.
Father Mathew Pieris is an Anglican priest who is famous in his hometown. One day, after the daily communion, his wife Eunice Pieris introduces a very young couple who joined their church to him. They are skilled sportsman Randy Reynolds and his vivacious newly wed wife Daphne Reynolds who used to be a typist and a telephone operator before marriage. Father Pieris in return introduces them to their Cricket Captain Steven who is learning in the Police Academy to become a Police Officer and befriends them. One evening, Father Pieris suggests Eunice that they should hire Daphne as his Secretary. They recruit her the next day and she starts work by typing the book Father Pieris was writing. They also provide her accommodation in their own home. Meanwhile Randy joins the Cricket team and often discuss how good Father Pieris is to them with Steven, saying how he helped them to achieve some financial stability during difficult times. One day, after the end of work, Daphne herself thanks Father Pieris and provocatively tells him if he needs anything, not to hesitate but to ask.  Father Pieris is renowned as an Exorcist in the town an often called by distraught parents when their children, specially teenage girls start to show abnormal behavior. One night after returning home late after inspecting one of the girls who were unresponsive to their parents, Father Pieris takes a sneak peek at naked Daphne who is wiping her hair after a shower. Frightened, Daphne covers herself with the towel while Father Pieris flees. Next morning, Father Pieris gently caresses Daphne's shoulder while she types and she reciprocates by closing their office room door. This triggers Father Pieris to close the curtains of the window and they kiss and have mutual oral sex. Sister June who was teaching a group of children adjacent to the office room sees that the door and window is closed and grows deeply suspicious.  Father Pieris insists Eunice to visit their children in London. In the same time, Randy is also often out of town for Cricket practices with Steven. One rainy night after returning home late again after performing an exorcism to another teenage girl, Father Pieris and Daphne knowing well that they are alone unleash themselves and have passionate sexual intercourse. Their daily sexual relations escalate to the point where Father Pieris decides he should get rid of those who are in-between them. Eunice hears rumours of their affair and starts worrying with her children in London. Meanwhile Randy falls seriously ill and is diagnosed with severe Hypoglycemia. Father Pieris and Daphne regularly visits him in the hospital and he gradually progresses buy his situation mysteriously deteriorates and he dies. Eunice returns home and she too mysteriously falls ill and is admitted to the hospital, only to be found out that she also is suffering from severe Hypoglycemia. Her situation betters and worsens between her stays with her family members and with Father Pieris. But her condition further deteriorates and she falls into a coma.  In the meantime, while on duty, Dr. Terrance who administered her Dextrose realizing that she does not respond to it seeks a second opinion from fellow colleague Dr. Mohan who identifies that he too had a similar case a few months ago, where a non-diabetic and severe hypoglycemic patient (Randy) also had the same treatment and he eventually died. At a hunch, they realizes that Father Pieris is related to both the patients and informs their suspicion to District Medical Officer Dr. Ferry who assigns Detective Cruse of the Criminal Investigation Department to investigate on the circumstantial evidence. During the investigations Eunice Pieris dies.  Distraught, and following testimonies from his girlfriend and her friends that Father Pieris is notorious for molesting young girls and newly wed women during communions, Steven decides to do his own investigation and surreptitiously obtains crucial scientific evidence which corroborates District Medical Officer and Detective Cruse's suspicions. Father Pieris is apprehended and is charged with double murder. During the trial, plaintiff proves beyond a reasonable doubt that Father Pieris systematically and intentionally administered Euglocon laced chicken and beef liver to both Randy Reynolds and Eunice Pieris, and the cause of the Deaths were not Pancreatic cancer as indicated by the defendant. Father Mathew Pieris is convicted and is sentenced to Death.
Melinda Moore is a wife who supports her husband, Robert Gayle, an engineer trying to sell an innovative battery design. A running total/dwindling balance of the proceeds Melinda receives after her mother's death is portrayed as the couple gets in over their heads in debt, along with the interference of her sisters fractures their marriage over time. The film is divided into categories based in the emotional spectrum that Melinda experiences, as follows:  Acrimony Melinda  bumps into engineering student Robert during college, goes into a rage and assaults him physically and verbally, revealing her abnormal tendencies. Later that day he appears at her dorm room to return some papers that got mixed up when they bumped into each other, and they gradually become close. On the day of her mother's funeral, Melinda and Robert go to his RV leading to them having sex, and the pair start dating. Melinda frequently listens to Robert speak about his life and she decides to buy him a new car. Although he did not ask her to buy the car, he accepts it. Melinda believes he is aware of his own influence on her but she strives to please him anyway. Melinda later  then decides to wait for Robert call her. One day passes, then two until one day she decides to call him one night. Melinda is very confused when Robert starts talking and acting in a very strange way so she decides to go visit him at his RV and discovers him cheating on her with a woman named Diana Wells. She goes into a murderous rage and rams the RV with her car with both the two lovers inside, seriously injuring herself in the process. Melinda destroys Robert's car before passing out from injury and is rushed to the hospital for an emergency full hysterectomy, rendering her unable to bear children. Melinda and Robert reconcile and marry, despite the objections of her sisters, June and Brenda. Brenda warns Melinda not to tell Robert about the amount of money their mother left her.  For the next eighteen years, Melinda supports them both, as Robert is unable to find work because he is focused on developing his invention.  June and Brenda are leery of Robert's intentions with Melinda's inheritance. Robert talks Melinda into mortgaging their house so he can build a prototype of a revolutionary self-charging battery he has been designing, which he hopes to sell to Prescott, a venture capitalist.  Diana, now working as an assistant to Prescott, arranges for Robert to have a meeting with him. After finding Diana's wallet in Robert's truck, June and Brenda tell Melinda that Robert is cheating on her despite it being an innocent meeting. Melinda's family runs a catering business and they offer Robert a job, warning him that if they miss out on delivering to a client they will lose their truck contract. As Robert is in route to his delivery, he gets a call from Diana saying Prescott wants to reconsider his deal. This causes Robert to abandon his delivery job during mid-route. Prescott offers Robert $800,000 for the design, but Robert wants to license the technology to them instead and declines the offer. Melinda, furious at both Robert's declining of Prescott's offer and his interaction with Diana, files for divorce and moves in with Brenda. Robert moves into a homeless shelter, but Diana finds out and insists that he live with her.  Sunder Prescott reconsiders and offers Robert a multimillion-dollar deal while allowing him to keep the intellectual property of the battery technology proprietary, which he accepts. Robert visits Melinda at work, although she refuses to reconcile. Robert accepts her decision but, as an apology to her and much to Melinda's surprise, gives her $10 million and buys back her home.  Bewail After showing her sisters the money Robert has given her and berating them for their influence, Melinda visits Robert in his new penthouse apartment and attempts to seduce him and rekindle their relationship, but Diana comes in and introduces herself as Robert's fiancée.  Deranged Angry and hurt for not being able to live the life Robert has promised her prior to the divorce, Melinda becomes obsessed with the couple and swears to destroy them. Melinda sues Robert and Diana, claiming that the deal with Prescott happened before their divorce, but the case is dismissed. Robert and Diana file a countersuit against Melinda and obtain restraining orders. As Melinda's behavior is getting worse, even her own family turns on her as they give advice to Robert and Diana to hire bodyguards and install security measures in their house. Enraged that her own family now sides with Robert, Melinda angrily chases the couple away. Eventually, Melinda retaliates by visiting the bridal shop and destroying Diana's wedding gown with hydrochloric acid, although she is caught and sentenced to court-mandated counseling, where she tells her therapist that Robert took advantage of her. Her therapist suggests that she may have borderline personality disorder. Melinda's mental state further deteriorates after learning Diana is pregnant. On Robert's wedding day, Melinda's family and friends are forced to prevent her from leaving her house and ruining the wedding.  Inexorable Robert and Diana leave on their honeymoon cruise. Melinda sneaks onto the boat, shoots Robert, and makes the crew of the boat jump overboard. Melinda attempts to shoot Diana but Robert tells Diana to take the dinghy and rescue the crew before overpowering Melinda and throwing her in the water. Melinda returns and attempts to kill Robert with an axe but is trapped by the anchor that pulls her off and into the ocean, thus she drowns. Diana returns with the crew and comforts a bleeding Robert.
Charlie Wright's (Aidan Quinn) business empire is revealed to be a Ponzi scheme, having taken as much as eleven billion from his clients. Leaving his office after hearing about his punishment, Wright is intercepted by FBI Agent Hobbs (Mario Van Peebles), who is unable to arrest Wright as at the moment there is not a warrant. Stalling time, Hobbs gets his warrant and Hobbs' partner Jimmy (Jordan Belfi) intercepts Wright as he pulls out of the office garage. Looking inside the car, Hobbs is dismayed to find that Wright is gone. The ensuing investigation leaves few clues as to where Wright fled.  As it turns out, Charlie fled to Tijuana, Mexico, looking for a woman he abandoned two decades ago. From Mary (Claudia Ferri) he learns that the woman died years ago, but she had a daughter, named Isabel. As he searches, Jimmy, on vacation in Tijuana, is shocked to see Charlie. Hobbs is disbelieving at first, but travels to meet Jimmy anyway. Wright searches for Isabel, but finds that she has left the country illegally.  Russian Mob Members Letvinko (Elya Baskin) and Borlec (Raymond J. Barry) hire mercenary Damon (Luke Goss) to go after Wright and the money he stole from the mob. Damon is given a team (Gary Daniels, Geoffrey Ross, and Bokeem Woodbine) to tail Wright with. Simultaneously, Mexican drug lord Jorge Garza (Andy Garcia), deeply indebted, kidnaps Charlie and offers protection in exchange for some of his money. Garza's son Gabriel (Danny Pino) intends to keep their hostage overnight, but is attacked by Damon's team. In the battle Charlie escapes.  Charlie calls Hobbs and says he wishes to return to the U.S. The Garza's track him down and Damon's team follows. They all find Wright at a market, but before they can kidnap him Hobbs shows up and takes Charlie into his custody, and the mercenaries reluctantly leave. In a voiceover letter to Isabel, Wright discusses how he views his life as a failure. Gabriel breaks the news to a distraught Jorge, who leaves the empire in Gabriel's hands as the men he is in debt to take him away. Hobbs, keeping Wright in his car, tells Wright that he found out Wright had at most six months to live as cancer had spread through Charlie's body. Hobbs allows Wright to leave and Wright gives him the details of a bank account, presumably with the money Charlie stole.  The voiceover ends as Charlie sits at a beach, at some level of peace with himself.
In Manila, a terrorist assassinates the United States Ambassador to the Philippines, and also kills his son and dozens of children at an international primary school in a terrorist bombing. The mastermind, a Chechen terrorist, Abu Shabal, escapes to a training camp in Indonesia. Elsewhere in Costa Rica, two CIA officers, Walter Ross and Lisa Morales, meet to consolidate intelligence about their target, a drug smuggler named Mikhail "Christo" Troykovich. Christo's men kill Ross and capture Morales, who is imprisoned in a jungle compound and tortured.  At Coronado, the members of Bandito Platoon, SEAL Team 7 are at home. Lieutenant Rorke confides to Chief Dave that his wife is pregnant and has the entire team spend time together with their families until their next deployment. A squad from the platoon consisting of Rorke, Dave, Wiemy, Mikey, Ray, Sonny, and Ajay, is then deployed to Costa Rica to exfiltrate Morales.  The SEALs insert into the jungle via HALO and hold position outside the compound all night. At dawn, they raid the compound and eliminate several guards before extracting Morales and a cell phone containing the information she had gathered. Alerted by the assault, an enemy quick reaction force attempts to pursue and the SEALs commandeer a truck to exfiltrate. The pursuit forces them to revert to a tertiary extraction point where two SWCC boats extract the team, with Mikey being wounded in action.  Christo and Shabal, who are revealed to have been childhood friends, meet in Kyiv. Christo knows the CIA is watching him and informs Shabal that subordinates will complete their project, which is to equip suicide bombers with specialized undetectable explosive vests.  On the amphibious assault ship USS Bonhomme Richard, Rorke is informed that the intelligence recovered confirms Shabal and Christo were working together. Shabal seeks to bring jihad to the U.S., while Christo provides the routes for smuggling drugs and people into the U.S. Ajay and Ray are sent to Somalia, where an arms transfer involving Shabal is taking place. The remaining SEALs, comprising Rorke, Dave, Sonny and Weimy, stay in the U.S. in case the terrorists make it in. Miller himself has been reassigned to SEAL Team Four, hunting for Christo somewhere on the oceans. Lieutenant Rorke gives Dave a letter to give to his family in case he is killed.  Shabal and sixteen terrorists are found to be on an island off Baja California, where the SEALs act to secure the island, killing eight terrorists. Shabal and eight others escape. Elsewhere, in the South Pacific, SEAL Team Four captures Christo and interrogate him, learning that Shabal's plot is to outdo the September 11 attacks.  The SEALs are informed that Shabal is en route to the U.S. via tunnels underneath a milk factory, and are ordered to link up with Mexican Special Forces and neutralize the remaining targets. Arriving at the factory, the SEALs and Mexican forces launch an assault there, engaging numerous Mexican cartel and Shabal's terrorists in the process. During the gunfight, a combatant throws a grenade, and Rorke sacrifices himself by diving on it to save his team before it detonates, killing him. Dave pursues the terrorists and shoots them as they try to escape through the tunnels. He is then shot several times and gravely wounded by Shabal, who is intercepted and killed by Sonny before he could execute Dave.  At home, Rorke is given a military funeral with full honors, where the SEALs pay their respects. It is then revealed that Dave's narration throughout the movie was a written letter meant for Rorke's son. The film ends with a dedication to 60 U.S. Navy SEAL and Special Warfare Combatant-craft Crewmen (SWCC) killed in action since 9/11 along with a listing of their names as well as a photo montage of fallen public servants.
Several years ago in the early 1980s, D.C. was the owner of Action Point, a low-rent amusement park with numerous safety hazards; regardless, the park was popular with the youth due to it being the only amusement park in the area. However, a new amusement park named 7 Parks opens up one day and begins to draw customers away from Action Point. D.C. is also pressured by his loan officer Knoblach into selling his land due to his failure to pay off a $100,000 loan. Meanwhile, his estranged teenage daughter Boogie comes to visit and begins to help around the park as a summer job.  One night, D.C. and his staff break into 7 Parks to observe and sabotage the park, but are nearly caught. D.C. realizes that he needs to come up with something big to compete, eventually deciding that they need to start promoting Action Point as a park about what patrons can do, whereas 7 Parks is about what they can't do. He then decides to remove all the safety measures from the rides in an attempt to make the park stand out, causing several people - including himself - to be seriously injured. Boogie also confesses to park lifeguard Benny that the true purpose of her visit is to get D.C. to sign papers that would allow her mother's boyfriend to become her legal guardian.  As a publicity stunt, D.C. and the staff interrupt a local TV broadcast promoting the park which draws in customers, but sends the park into chaos due to the lack of proper rules and regulations. At Boogie's advice, D.C opens up a section for kids, but it is poorly designed causing her to inform legal authorities who then shut the park down.  D.C. and the staff repair the park and reopen it, but are told that the bank has foreclosed on the park. Furthermore, Boogie becomes upset after D.C. breaks his promise to take her to a concert, and gets drunk with the staff before they are all arrested. After D.C. bails her out, she snaps at him and reveals her intention for him to sign the papers. The next day, he finds her gone and learns that she may have left for Las Vegas on a bus. Desperate, he and Benny chase down the bus with their car but lose it after it collides with them.  D.C. then realizes that she was not on the bus and tracks her to a restaurant where he explains that the park has become his new family after losing his first one, and the reason he obsesses over it was because he did not want to lose it as well. Unable to pay off his loan, D.C. decides to blow up the park and sell off the land to Knoblach. To get back at him however, D.C. opens the park gates one last time and gives away free beer as he is no longer liable for any damages that will occur, and the drunk patrons go wild and cause massive damage to the park. Later that night, the staff gather one last time and shoot fireworks to commemorate their time in the park.  The next day, as Boogie prepares to leave, D.C. proposes that the two of them instead take a road trip and make a stop in Austin to attend the concert. Boogie is overjoyed and the former park staff offer to come along.  In the present day in the late 2010s, a much older D.C. finishes his story to his granddaughter as Boogie arrives home and before he leaves, he pretends to have a heart attack in the yard, which Boogie calls out as the two of them share a laugh.
The wife and daughter of Pittsburgh lawyer Frank Valera (Antonio Banderas), Sue (Cristina Serafini) and Olivia, are killed shortly after a talent show in which Olivia sings a song for Frank, and their bodies are dumped in a hole near the train yard. Before the murder, Sue sent a video of Olivia's performance to Frank. After the funeral, Frank's father-in-law Chuck (Robert Forster) confronts him and tells him not to speak to him anymore. Frank visits the police station to discuss the murders, and Pittsburgh Police Detective Bill Lustiger (Johnathan Schaech) informs him that the police found a gold fiber at the murder scene. Lustiger suspects that the murderers belong to the Russian mafia, which operates in the area of the crime.  After subjecting himself to beatings in an illegal mixed martial arts ring to atone for his perceived guilt for the murders, Frank is rescued by Pittsburgh Police officer Hank Strode (Karl Urban), whom Frank met earlier at the station. However, when Strode informs Frank that his family's case has become “cold," Frank leaves, dismayed and depressed. Later, when getting involved in a fight to help a child prostitute, Frank falls through a window of a book store, where he fortuitously grabs Marcus Aurelius’ Meditations to help stop the bleeding of a leg wound. Frank reads parts of the book and changes his attitude about what he should do next and how he should proceed, adopting a Stoic philosophy. He then takes a Stoic vow of silence until the case is solved and sets out to learn the skills required to do so.  After learning combat skills with masters of karate and Brazilian jiu-jitsu, Frank goes to the train yard, where the crime took place, to investigate. He encounters Russian thugs and defeats them, though he is injured in the process by a bullet. A nurse, Alma (Paz Vega), arrives and brings him to her home to treat his injuries. The next day, Frank returns to his home. On the way, he adopts a dog previously owned by his attackers. Later, Alma approaches to return his wallet, which he left at her place. Alma learns about his family’s death and the yard, and she befriends him.  Frank attempts to find the potential witness who lives in a makeshift shelter, but he loses him. As he drives Alma home later, she reveals that the shelter Frank investigated was the home of a man called “Mr. Shivers”  (Clint Dyer), who works as a cook at the local diner. After he drops Alma off, Russian gang members appear and ask Alma if she is going to continue supplying drugs to them. Frank suddenly appears and incapacitates them. She explains that she worked with them for a year, stealing drugs from the hospital for them. Frank takes her to his home for her safety.  Frank finds Mr. Shivers working in the kitchen of a diner; they fight. Frank shows his family picture to Shivers, who witnessed the murders from his shelter. Shivers says that a police officer committed the murders. Frank then sneaks into the police station and finds that Hank Strode was assigned to patrol that particular district on the night of the murders.  After several days of following Strode, Frank enters Strode's house and finds a police jacket with gold fibers coming loose from an embroidered sleeve badge. Frank also finds a bag that contains magazines with Frank on the cover, news articles about Strode's 12-year-old daughter's murder, and Frank's legal defense of the suspect, who was freed on a technicality. Strode wanted Frank to suffer for freeing the suspect, and he wanted Frank to know what Strode felt. Frank leaves a note for Strode, saying that he will meet at a warehouse. As Strode arrives, a fight ensues, leaving both injured. Managing to subdue Strode, Frank overcomes his desire to kill him upon remembering Aurelius’ quote, “The best revenge is to be unlike your enemy,” and instead knocks Strode out.  Later, after Strode's trial and conviction, Frank and Alma visit the graves of his wife and daughter, where Frank finally ends his vow of silence by saying "I love you" to his family's graves.
The film focuses on the lives of the McGregor brothers. Two of the brothers, Deklan and Brandon, have served in the military and have expertise in weaponry. The youngest of them, Roman, is engaged to his childhood girlfriend, Mia. While Deklan is traumatized by his past and Brandon has a family to look after, Mia and Roman party before their wedding. During her bachelorette party, Mia insults two thugs, Vince and Frank, who work as sex traffickers for a local kingpin named Max Livingston. They abduct her from the club and take her to their boss.  In the meantime, Detective James Avery relentlessly tries to collect evidence against Max Livingston but fails to find anything legitimate. The existing corruption in the police department keeps his hands tied.  Before being abducted, Mia leaves a voice note for Roman explaining the situation. Roman calls Deklan and asks him for help. Deklan makes a 911 call and tries to raid a home in which he suspects Mia is being kept, but Mia is not there. They go to Avery, who promises to help them rescue her but warns them to stay out of the case. Deklan refuses to comply with this request. The three brothers equip themselves with military-grade vests and weapons and set out to save Mia.  The brothers raid a warehouse in which Livingston is hiding the trafficked women in trucks before sending them to Las Vegas. They rescue Mia, along with the other women. As soon as they arrive home, however, Livingston shows up with his men, who attack the brothers. Brandon is shot and dies on the spot, but Deklan manages to kill all of Livingston’s men. Livingston flees the scene before Deklan can take him down.  Deklan and Roman are arrested by the police, but Livingston walks free. As a result Avery resigns from his job as a detective. He then heads over to Livingston’s secret hideout and shoots him before he can leave town.
In the early 22nd century, mysterious power surges threaten to destabilize human civilization. Major Roy McBride is informed that the surges have been traced to the "Lima Project", a space station in orbit around Neptune, sent twenty-nine years earlier to search for intelligent life. Roy's father, H. Clifford McBride, was the project's leader. Roy agrees to travel to Mars in an effort to determine whether the station's crew are still alive.  En route to the SpaceCom base on the Moon's far side, a band of scavenger pirates ambush Roy and his colleague Pruitt, but they manage to fight them off. Pruitt then reveals to him that should he fail to prove that the crew survived, the Lima Project station will have to be destroyed. Roy obtains passage to Mars on the SpaceCom cruiser Cepheus.   Roy tells the captain of Cepheus, Tanner, to ignore a distress signal being emitted by a biomedical research station, but the captain replies that they are bound by protocol to investigate it. The two men access the station, only to be attacked by a laboratory baboon that has gone feral. Tanner is mauled to death before Roy kills the baboon by suffocating it in an airlock. Another surge hits as the Cepheus attempts to land on Mars. Roy assumes command and calmly lands the ship. After securing himself in the underground SpaceCom complex, Roy begins recording voice messages and transmitting them to the Lima Project in hopes that Clifford will respond. After numerous attempts, SpaceCom finally receives a response, but Roy is denied permission to accompany the search party.  Roy is visited by facility director Helen Lantos, who reveals that her parents were Lima Project team members. She shows him classified footage revealing that Clifford's team mutinied and attempted to return to Earth, causing him to shut off their life-support systems; her parents were among those killed. She also admits that the Cepheus has secret orders to destroy the Lima Project with a nuclear weapon; the search party is merely a formality to keep him quiet. They decide that Roy should confront Clifford, so Lantos advises him to stow away aboard the party's rocket as it departs.   Roy climbs aboard as the rocket takes off and is immediately discovered by the crew, who are unintentionally killed in the confrontation. During the 79-day journey to Neptune, a solitary Roy reflects on his relationship with his father and with his estranged wife, Eve. He finally arrives at the station and plants the nuclear bomb before encountering Clifford, the sole survivor of the Lima Project. Clifford explains that the surges are coming from the ship's malfunctioning antimatter power source, which was damaged in the mutiny. He also admits to Roy that he never really cared about his family and does not consider Earth his home.  Roy copies data gathered by the Lima Project team and persuades Clifford to accompany him back to Earth. He arms the bomb and they climb out on the station's outer hull to return to the Cepheus. Clifford suddenly launches them into space using his spacesuit's thrusters. The old man pleads for Roy to untether him so he can die amongst the stars; Roy reluctantly does so and watches his father drift away into space. He propels himself back to the Cepheus using his own spacesuit. Discovering that the ship was deliberately left without enough fuel to return home, Roy relies on the shock wave from the explosion of the bomb causing the annihilation of antimatter in the station to propel the Cepheus back towards Mars so he can alert Lantos.  The data retrieved from the Lima Project base suggests that humans are the only intelligent life in the galaxy, but also contains a treasure trove of information on exoplanets, planetary systems, and other celestial bodies in the Milky Way that could potentially aid scientific and human colonization efforts. Roy returns to Earth with a newfound optimism, meeting with his estranged wife again.
Shy and nerdy teenager Adam (Nicholas Alexander) spends his last high school summer in NYC with his older sister, who is part of the local lesbian and trans activist scene. Adam meets and develops a crush on a lesbian girl, Gillian (Bobbi Menuez), at an LGBTQ+ party. Gillian assumes that he is a trans man, and Adam confirms the lie, running with the deception in order to win her affection. Adam's struggle and guilt over his deceit increases as the relationship between him and Gillian deepens, eventually leading him to admit that he is not trans. Gillian accepts both this and him, having realized that she is bisexual rather than lesbian. They break up however as the relationship was based on lies, though Adam gains a deep regard toward trans people.
Zoe Reynard (Sharon Leal) has the perfect life with her husband Jason (Boris Kodjoe) and two children, and is the CEO of her own company, which signs and develops aspiring artists. One evening, she attends an art show of Quinton Canosa (William Levy); the two meet and share some flirtation. Zoe later visits his apartment to discuss a contract, and the two end up having sex.  Zoe feels guilty and tries to end it with Quinton; they break up regularly, but always inevitably end up getting back together. On one particular occasion, when Zoe goes to get back with Quinton, she finds him having sex with his neighbor.  Throughout the film, Zoe is telling this story as a flashback to her psychotherapist, Dr. Marcella Spencer (Tasha Smith), who after diagnosing her with sex addiction, assumes it might have been something from Zoe's past that keeps coming back to haunt her and pressures her to confess. However, each time brought up, Zoe avoids the question and walks out.  Zoe's addiction begins to take over her life; she soon begins sleeping with a second man, Corey (Tyson Beckford), whom she met at a club. One day, when she comes home from work, she finds Corey at her home talking to her mother. Seeing the danger she had put her family in, Zoe decides that she wants to try to fix her marriage with Jason. She invites both Corey and Quinton to meet her at Quinton's apartment and breaks up with both of them.  Corey becomes angry and lunges at her, but Quinton blocks him. As Corey leaves, Quinton knocks him out with a vase. Zoe becomes afraid of Quinton and tries to calm him down; Quinton tells her that she is not going to leave him. Frightened, Zoe shoves glass artwork between them, smashing it to pieces. She then hides from Quinton, who is chasing her with a knife. Suddenly, Jason appears and smashes a sculpture over Quinton's head. Jason reveals he found out about Zoe cheating by her cellphone.  Zoe runs after Jason, apologizing profusely, but he rejects her. Out of desperation, Zoe walks in front of a car, injuring herself. The two split up and Jason stays in a hotel. Zoe becomes a recluse but soon goes to a sex-addiction group therapy session. The root of Zoe's addiction was found to be because of a rape committed by three boys when she was 10 years old. At the session, she speaks of her deep love for her husband, and Jason walks in, kisses her, and accepts her back.
In Fresno, California, optimistic Martha Jackson works as a housekeeper at a local hotel. Her older sister Shannon is a sex addict and frequently goes to rehab. Since Shannon is unemployed, Martha offers her a job as a housekeeper at the hotel. As a celebration for Shannon's first day on the job, they go to a local bar. Afterwards, Martha takes Shannon back to her house and tells her where things are while she is away. However, Shannon sneaks off to the house of her married therapist, Edwin, with whom she is having an affair. Meanwhile, Martha works out at the gym. Her trainer Kelly starts to take interest in her.  The next morning at the hotel, Shannon and Martha meet Boris, a slob who says that he knows everyone at the hotel. While taking a break, Shannon calls Edwin again. Edwin tells Shannon that he gave his wife a letter and had left her the minute she received it. Realizing that Edwin cannot go back to his wife, Shannon takes her anger out by going to Boris' room to have sex with him. Martha catches her in the act after she hears her scream in the distance. While Shannon defends herself from Boris, she accidentally kills him. Desperate to cover up the murder, they sneak Boris' corpse out of the hotel.  After sneaking out of the hotel, they take the corpse to Boris' family who has taken a disliking towards him. Shannon, posing as Boris' life guru, meets his sister Margaret. Margaret invites Shannon in to convince her parents that Boris has moved on in life and has left Fresno to never come back or to talk to his family again.  Martha and Shannon take the corpse over to their friends Gerald and Ruby, who own a pet cemetery. After uncovering Boris' corpse, they at first threaten to call the police, but then decide to blackmail the sisters for $25,000 by Monday in exchange for covering up the murder, threatening to charge them with manslaughter if they are unable to come up with the money. They initially attempt to rob an adult store to steal all the merchandise and try to sell them to lesbians at an event being held at the local hotel they work at, only to discover they did not make enough money.  To take the stress off, Martha goes to the gym while Shannon hooks up with her co-worker Eric. At the gym, Kelly informs Martha that one of her students is having a bar mitzvah and that she wants to bring Martha along as a date. After the gym, Martha returns and catches Shannon making out with Eric, much to her annoyance. While discussing the bar mitzvah the next day, they realize they can steal all of the money. Martha and Shannon double date with Kelly and Eric. Martha pretends she is choking on something to distract the crowd long enough to steal the money. Kelly asks to bring Martha back to her house to keep an eye on her, but Martha rejects. Kelly confesses that she is attracted to Martha, but Martha blows her off by telling her about her sister who has problems.  After the bar mitzvah, they realize they only stole $12,000, which is not enough money for Gerald and Ruby. Ruby, however, reluctantly agrees to cremate Boris' corpse. They then arrange a fake funeral for her dead "dog". Martha discovers Shannon having sex with Gerald, which is the final straw for Martha. Shannon tries to apologize, but Martha tells her that she is tired of helping her and that she does not want her to go back to her place.  Martha goes to reconcile with Kelly, and Shannon comes across Margaret who thanks her for the advice that Shannon gave. Realizing she has no one to talk to, she turns herself in. Two years later, it is revealed that she and Martha write letters to each other while Shannon is in prison, stating that "I hate you which in case you forgot means I love you like a sister."
Straight-laced Princeton University Admissions Officer Portia Nathan is caught off guard while making a recruiting visit to an alternative high school overseen by a former college classmate, the free-wheeling John Pressman. With vast experience in the coaching, consoling, and criticism involving Princeton's admission, she pays a visit to the Quest School, where John teaches while raising an adopted son. After exposing Portia to outspoken Quest students' impressions of college, he takes her to meet the rather unconventional Jeremiah Balakian, a child prodigy.  Back on campus, Portia's longtime boyfriend Mark breaks up with her after impregnating a "Virginia Woolf scholar" named Helen. After an awkward romantic attraction to Pressman, she arranges for Jeremiah to visit Princeton, where she and a colleague, Corinne, are rivals to succeed the soon-to-retire Dean of Admissions.  Portia long ago had a secret pregnancy, putting the baby up for adoption, and is shown apparent proof by Pressman that Jeremiah is hers.  Although he is brilliant, Jeremiah's miserable transcript results in his being deemed unfit to attend the University. Portia, in an act that greatly endangers her position, schemes to gain Jeremiah entrance into the school, knowing that Princeton cannot reveal such a scandal.  Her resignation is demanded. Later, when revealing to Jeremiah that she is his biological mother, she finds out that there was a photocopy mistake on his birth certificate and that the boy has already located his actual biological mother. Portia appears at the Adoption Agency, trying to locate her son, where she describes her life with a different perspective. When asked how would she feel to meet her actual child, she replies that she would feel "nervous, but lucky."  In the end, now dating Pressman, she receives a letter about her son, which says he is not ready to meet her yet. Pressman points out to her that she is on the waitlist "... and that's not so bad."
Having spent the last 21 years in a Californian prison for possession of marijuana, a middle-aged man named Russell Millings must find his way in a world that has changed completely since he was incarcerated in the 1990s.  Upon his release, Russell finds employment in a burger restaurant. He visits an internet café and searches for his father, who died in 2001. One night whilst locking up the restaurant, he finds an abandoned baby in the dumpster, a note kept in the bag with the baby reveals the baby's name is Ella. Russell attempts to care for Ella himself and bonds with her, telling her of his father's hobby of stamp collecting.  The baby falls from the bed and is injured, and Russell takes her to a clinic, where Ella is taken away and he is interviewed by the police. After losing Ella, Russell travels to Casper, Wyoming, by bus, meeting a woman on the bus who invites him to join her if he ever visits Denver. In Casper, he visits his father's grave.  He visits a bank to open his father's safety deposit box, for which he has been left the key. In the box are a letter professing his father's love and valuable stamps, including a Tyrian plum. He opens a storage unit also left to him by his late father, which contains the rest of his father's stamp collection and clothes.  Russell visits Family & Child Services in Los Angeles to check up on Ella and give them an envelope containing details of a trust he has set up in her name, to be given to her on her 18th birthday. Russell leaves LA buying a ticket for a bus trip. When asked where he would like to go, he smiles at the possibilities ahead of him.
Five months before the hurricane, Tami Oldham arrives in Tahiti on board the schooner Sofia and meets Richard Sharp, a British sailor. Richard invites Tami for dinner aboard his boat Mayaluga. The two of them spend more time together and begin to plan a trip to sail to Japan.  While downtown one day, Tami and Richard bump into Peter and Christine Crompton, owners of Hazaña, a luxury Trintella 44 yacht. The Cromptons offer Richard $10,000 and a return first-class ticket back to Tahiti to sail Hazaña to San Diego, California. Richard accepts the offer, on the condition that Tami come along and that they also give her a return ticket.  Later, he proposes to Tami with a handmade ring, and she accepts.  The couple depart aboard Hazaña, and after many uneventful days at sea, Tami and Richard receive news of an approaching cyclone, Hurricane Raymond, but decide to continue to San Diego anyway. As the storm hits, Tami tries to radio for help, with no response. The storm alters course and the yacht enters the eye of the storm. Richard and Tami have no choice but to lower the sails to prevent the boat from capsizing. Tami almost falls off the yacht as she is hit by powerful waves. Richard professes his love for her and demands that she go below where she will be safer. Hazaña is repeatedly flipped as she is hit by a towering wave. Tami is thrown about, suffering a head wound.  Richard is thrown overboard after being knocked unconscious by the mast and his safety harness breaks. He slowly sinks into the ocean, while Hazaña is flipped, rights himself and floats to the surface.  Tami regains consciousness and struggles to understand what has happened. She urgently searches the crippled yacht in hopes of finding Richard and realizes that he was swept overboard. Tami screams in anguish and it is revealed that she is all alone, with no ships or land in sight. Tami finds that the engine will not start, and no one hears her radioed distress calls.  She believes she has spotted the lost dinghy with Richard clinging to it, and she tries to steer the yacht towards him. She falls off and nearly drowns as she swims to rescue Richard. After dragging him aboard, Tami realizes that he has broken ribs and a shattered right shin. She fashions a makeshift sail using a broken pole and a storm jib, allowing her to sail toward Hawaii.  One night, she sees a large cargo ship heading straight for Hazaña and fires multiple flares, but the ship sails on past them. Tami wonders if she has been hallucinating, and Richard begins to suffer from a high fever. As the sun rises the next morning, Richard reminds Tami that a red morning sky warns of an approaching storm. Expecting a storm to hit, Tami prepares by creating a makeshift shelter, though the storm turns out to be just a minor squall.  The next day, Richard has disappeared. Tami realizes that the injured Richard on board Hazaña was nothing but a hallucination and surrenders to the reality that Richard was lost at sea. On the 41st day, Tami finally spots land and a Japanese research vessel in the distance and fires off two flares, successfully attracting its attention. The vessel lowers food and water supplies to Tami and tows Hazaña to shore. Tami returns to Tahiti after recovering and visits Richard's boat, bursting into tears after seeing the photos of Richard and herself. She goes to the beach with a frangipani flower, places her engagement ring around the flower, and lets it go in the water.  It is revealed in the credits that Richard Sharp was swept overboard and never found; Tami Oldham Ashcraft survived alone aboard Hazaña for a total of 41 days before she was rescued. She continues to be an avid sailor. During the credits, a series of news articles, pictures and a video of the actual Tami and Richard are shown.
Recent college graduate Amy believes she's destined to be a great poet. Pressed by her parents to earn a living, she takes a job at a small sex shop, Adult World, where she works with the manager, Alex. When her car is stolen, her parents discover that she had canceled the car's theft insurance to afford submission fees for poetry journals, and call her a child, which causes her to pack and leave. She briefly moves in with a coworker, trans woman Rubia, before finding her own apartment.  She meets one of her favorite poets, Rat Billings, and talks her way into being his protégée by offering to clean his house. After some cajoling, Billings reads her poetry and offers to feature her work in an anthology he is working on. One night, she gets drunk and makes a clumsy attempt to seduce him, but he rebuffs her advances.  Alex fires Amy after she fails to catch a shoplifter; angered, she says she is too good to work there. She soon discovers that she misses Alex, however, and realizes that she has feelings for him. She apologizes to him and asks for her job back. Alex rehires her, and they begin hanging out. At Amy's birthday party, Billings gives her a copy of the poetry anthology he featured her work in—Shit Poems: An Anthology of Bad Verse. Furious and humiliated, she confronts him and calls him a has-been. She goes home and tries to commit suicide by asphyxiating herself with a plastic bag, but changes her mind at the last second.  The next day, she makes peace with Billings: he tells her that she needs to do more living before she can fulfill her potential as a writer, while she tells him not to take himself so seriously. Later, she sleeps with Alex, and they become a couple. She finds out she has been published in an erotica magazine that she submitted prose to as a joke. She and Alex go to a party together to celebrate, and he encourages her to keep writing. The film ends with Amy reading Shit Poems with a smile on her face.  In the epilogue, next to the credits, she becomes a well-known poet and arranges her first poetry book on a shelf in a bookstore to be more prominently shown.
Set in the near future, Gwen sells cosmetic procedures for the Center for Advanced Health and Living. Despite her relatively affluent position, she has difficulty sustaining a lifestyle that will ensure her daughter, Jules, a solid education and future. When she is abruptly fired from her job, Gwen's optimism quickly dissolves as she realizes that the only offer she has for employment is an egg donor position, due to women rapidly becoming infertile. The firing comes at a critical juncture in Gwen's life as she needs money to secure Jules's position at an elite school.  Feeling desperate, Gwen reaches out to her old employer, Fisher, to volunteer as one of the first subjects for a procedure that will transfer her consciousness into a new body, allowing her to keep her old job by becoming more youthful and racially ambiguous. Fisher assures her that if she agrees to the body transfer, the center will do everything it can to ensure Jules's future and protect Gwen as the face of the company. He also warns her that the procedure is still in its infancy; for a year, Gwen will have to take shots every two hours to help her breathe, otherwise she will face enduring pain. He explains that the technology is not finished yet and begs her to reconsider. Worrying that she will not be able to find another job at her age, Gwen decides to undergo the procedure.  Before agreeing to the procedure, Gwen tries one last desperate measure, reaching out to her cousin Lily and Lily's husband, Han, for help. Gwen and Han had an affair about 14 years ago, and, though Lily had forgiven the affair, her attitude changes once she learns that Gwen has a child fathered by Han. She tells Gwen they need more time to think about helping her, especially considering the suddenness of the news, but Gwen tells them that she has no time. Lily says she and her husband need time to think about helping financially, especially since they have children of their own.  Gwen breaks the news of her procedure to Jules, who seems to be understanding of the circumstances. Together, they go to see Gwen's future body. After spending Christmas with Jules, Gwen completes the procedure and returns home in a new body, Gwen 2.0. Gwen 2.0 is unrecognizable and carries none of Gwen's distinguishing physical traits. Post-procedure, Gwen 2.0 is disoriented and in pain, but she does her work for the center well. Jules, who had been warned that her mother might be slightly different, takes care of her and administers her shots when she has difficulty breathing. However, Gwen 2.0 has trouble understanding and relating to Jules after the procedure. She tells Fisher she wants to separate from Jules, believing that Jules can take care of herself and would prefer being alone. Fisher is furious and reveals to Gwen 2.0 that she is not Gwen, but a twin that had been implanted with Gwen's memories; he explains the twin process to her because he thinks it will be easier for the twin Gwen to merge with the donor's memories by learning the truth. Gwen's original consciousness died during the procedure, but she was willing to go through with it to ensure her daughter's future. Gwen 2.0 is unaffected by the news and tells Fisher the part of Gwen that loved Jules did not transfer. When she returns home, she tells Jules that her mother is dead. Jules, in response to the news, initially hides the shot Gwen 2.0 needs to breathe but eventually gives it to her. When Jules tells Gwen 2.0 she is not sure why she kept her alive, Gwen 2.0 reassures her that her kindness is unique to her. Jules tells her she sounds like her mother.  Gwen 2.0 later sees a message from Lily and Han in which they apologize for their initial dismissal and tell her that they would like to help her and Jules. Gwen 2.0 goes to their home and breaks the news about Gwen to them. Later, she organizes a picnic so that Jules can meet Han, Lily, and their boys for the first time.
Jenny Parker and Lola Perez are teenagers with opposite personalities, but a passion for photography. The two meet when they are finalists for a photography internship and accidentally switch phones at their interview. Helen Anderson calls Jenny's phone, begging for a last-minute babysitter. Lola takes the job when she gets served with a parking ticket from Officer James. Jenny's crush Zac Chase calls to invite Jenny to a concert but Lola dismisses him in order to flirt with Officer James. Zac mistakenly believes that Jenny is not interested in him so he decides to take another girl to the concert instead.  Jenny and Lola arrive at the Coopers' and the Andersons' for their respective babysitting jobs. Lola and Jenny realize they switched phones, and Jenny travels to Lola to switch back. By that time, Trey has snuck out to a concert. Jenny, Lola, and the children journey to a sketchy pawn shop in the city in order to track Trey down. However, they find that he has already left with his friends. In the shop, Bobby accidentally lets loose a rare ferret and Lola takes a picture of the commotion for her photography resume. Since trafficking the animal is illegal, the pawn shop owners Tiny and Scalper chase the seven out of the store, trying to delete the photo from Lola's camera. The group finds that their car is being towed, and learn that they have until midnight to pay off the $100 fine. The group finds Trey, and Lola suggests re-selling the ticket at the concert to pay the fine.  Tiny and Scalper track them down but hold off from revealing themselves when Lola is arrested for scalping. As they wait at the police station, Jenny is horrified to see that Emily secretly dyed her hair and got a tattoo and angrily reprimands her. Hurt, Emily calls and leaves a voicemail to her mom explaining the trouble they are in. In the interrogation room, Lola meets Officer James. He scolds her for trying to scalp the ticket. Lola finally realizes her impulsiveness has consequences and begs to go free to make things right. Meanwhile, in the lobby, AJ meets her roller derby idol Jailer Swift when Swift and her roller derby team are brought in on charges for disorderly conduct. Lola is cleared of all charges and when she goes to meet with the group, the derby team starts fighting among themselves and provides a distraction for the seven to get away. Tiny and Scalper chases after AJ, while the group steals Tiny and Scalper's car and chases.   After escaping, Katy remembers that her mother keeps $100 in her coat and the group sneaks into the local planetarium where the Coopers and Andersons are attending a party to steal it. The Coopers hear Emily's message and head to the police station to check on their children. Tiny and Scalper are caught by security and the ferret is grabbed.  Once Lola retrieves the money, the group heads to the tow lot to get the car back. Tiny and Scalper are arrested and the ferret is taken to an animal shelter. Lola jokes how Jenny's night is more interesting than going to a concert with Zac and Jenny finally learns why Zac has suddenly become distant. She becomes angry with Lola, but Lola suggests driving to the concert to explain everything. Lola trades her precious camera but keeps the memory card in exchange for Jenny's admission so Jenny and Zac can reconcile. The group then races home before the parents. Once they all are done, Jenny, Katy and Emily leave to get them back home, and the Andersons' arrive home, where Lola immediately covers up. Jenny does the same. Zac and Jenny start dating, much to the delight of Katy and Emily who have been watching. Lola gets her driver's license back from Officer James, who asks her out.  The next day, it is revealed that Lola and Jenny have adopted some of the others' traits, and Jenny declines her photography scholarship, giving it to Lola, who begins a relationship with Officer James. At the end, Lola sends the pictures to Katy, Emily, AJ, Bobby, Trey, Jenny and accidentally Helen.
Branded as a "nerd" and harassed by the school bully, twelve-year-old Arthur is rescued by a magical alchemist troll who holds the secret to defeat an evil dragon, and is soon able to return the favor. Arthur's loving mom Laura, struggling to keep her devious former husband from gaining custody of Arthur, dismisses her son's "fantasies" until she realizes the real and immediate danger. She joins Arthur, the troll, the Knights of the Square Table (Arthur's pals Natalie and Tim) and a dashing fantasy card-game creator named Shane Barker. Together they hope to conquer an unleashed  dragon and the wicked vice-principal who threaten civilization.
In 2008, Fisher Miller (Ben Rosenfield), a young photography student, has a meeting with a wealthy businessman Mr. Carson (Roger Rees) to help him get into art school, only to be told his work reflects the decline of a generation rather than its future hope, Carson laments this as he declares his generation are going out of business in a "fire sale".  It then flashes back a month before the financial crash as Fisher moves in with his aunt Bunny and uncle Philip (Samantha Mathis and Steve Guttenberg) in Great Neck, New York, to escape his middle-class life for the mansions of the young, beautiful elite of Long Island's moneyed class. With a stash of high-quality marijuana and a vintage camera, he gains access to his gorgeous cousin Kate's (Nicola Peltz) circle of wealthy and indulged friends.  Fisher befriends the stepson of the community's richest resident, Dylan Carson (Gregg Sulkin), an insecure outsider in his own world who uses his money in an attempt to gain the acceptance he craves. Central to his pursuit is the love of his former flame Kate, now dating the preppy Todd (Grant Gustin). Through Fisher's help, Dylan attempts to regain Kate's affection only for the triangle to come crashing down, just as the financial system around them, with devastating consequences for all those involved.
In the southern plains of the Maasai Mara National Reserve in Kenya, lives Mara, a six-month-old lion cub, with her mother Layla, who both belong to the River pride, led by Fang, an old male lion, named after his remaining fang after he gets a distinctive broken tooth because of an earlier fight. In the northern plains of the Maasai Mara, lives Sita, a cheetah who has just given birth to five cubs to take care of. Sita and her cubs coexist with another lion pride led by a large male named Kali, who wishes to expand his pride and territory by taking over Fang's own with the help of his four sons, which however he cannot reach as both sides are divided by a crocodile infested river.  One day, Sita's cubs are playing while Kali and the largest of his sons are on patrol. Sita, seeing them as a serious danger to her cubs, goads both lions, so as to lure them away, but after the confrontation, the cubs have scattered. Sita desperately calls for them. As it gets darker, hyenas are seen and heard. In the morning, three of her five cubs return to Sita. Although she continues to call for the other two cubs, it's clear that they have been killed by hyenas.  Meanwhile, Layla is injured by a zebra's kick while hunting. As the wildebeest begin to migrate to greener pastures, so does the River pride, but due to her injury and old age, Layla has trouble keeping up. Mara stays alongside her mother and tries to help on her way. Soon, they begin to lose track of the pride. Knowing that Mara needs her family for her survival, Layla forces through her injury, and they soon find themselves within the River pride once more.  As time passes in the northern side, Sita's cubs thrive, and begin to show more of their cheetah nature. One day, a gang of three adult cheetah brothers roaming about zone in on Sita. Again, Sita finds herself having to divert attention from rivals so that they do not find her cubs. However, being fellow cheetahs, they do not tire as easily as lions do; and soon, the brothers separate Sita from her cubs. As they circle them, the cubs stand their ground and hiss at the bullies, meaning they have inherited their mother's prowess and bravery. Before the cheetah brothers can do anything, a passing elephant chases them away – meaning that in the savanna, even bullies get bullied.  Some time later, the river has lessened. Kali and his largest son take advantage of it so they can cross and begin their assault on the River pride. They head towards the southern territory. Fang, upon seeing them approaching, runs for his life, but Layla does not back away – knowing that Mara could be killed should the assault succeed, she fearlessly attacks the rivals. Soon, the other lionesses, inspired by Layla's courage, join in the fight. Kali and his son are defeated and leave the area, though they remain on the southern side of the river. Victory completed, Fang returns, and life returns to normal for the pride as well. Layla has been injured ever further during the fight. Seeing that she might not make it, on a rainy day – which the lions take advantage of to bond with each other – for Mara's sake, she goes to her sister Malayka – who has cubs of her own – and reconnects with her so as to maintain a spot in the pride for Mara. Once she sees that Mara is accepted by Malayka, Layla slips away from the pride to find a quiet place to die.  Meanwhile, hyenas approach Sita and her cubs, but the brave mother cheetah, having already lost two cubs to them, does not back away; sure enough, she attacks them fearlessly, not letting them anywhere near her cubs. Finally, the hyenas give up the fight and leave – Sita's bravery has kept the remaining cubs alive and free from danger.  As time goes by, Kali and his largest son reunite with the other three sons. Together, they return to the River pride for another assault. Upon seeing them, Fang runs, never to be seen or heard from again – if he is to ever return, he would be shown no mercy. Kali takes over the pride and exiles Fang's cubs, including Mara – now a young adult. Her male cousins are seen as the number one threat to Kali and his sons, so they hunt them down. Seeing that they can no longer stay within their pride, the young males have no choice but to cross the river, even though its level has grown and it is infested with crocodiles, nonetheless, they reach land unscathed. The lionesses initially refuse to admit Kali as their leader, the wound of losing their cubs still far too fresh in their minds. Mara tries to live on her own and fend for herself, but she was banished before she was taught to hunt, and finds her first attempts at catching meals on her own, even small warthogs and especially big rhinos and buffaloes, humiliatingly unsuccessful and learns that there are benefits in belonging to a pride.  Meanwhile, Sita & her cubs follow the gazelle herds to the River Pride's domain, where they settle down while getting into a feud with the River Pride.  Soon the wildebeest return, and the lionesses begin to hunt for their new cubs – Kali's offspring, having made peace with him and his sons. Mara successfully hunts and feasts. Soon after, she proves herself to the pride, and is at last welcomed back – Layla's sacrifice for raising her cub was not in vain.  Meanwhile, Sita's cubs are now young adults, and they're thriving. They hone their hunting skills, they practice on a serval and a jackal, and even get to cross the river. Afterwards, they encounter hyenas then Kali's pride, and learn to stand up to hyenas like a true brave cheetah does, and to avoid and outrun lions instead of hunting them. Finally, they successfully hunt an antelope for food. Sita, seeing that her cubs are now ready to forge their own path, leaves them and returns to the solitary life of a cheetah. The narrator shows that Mara and Sita's cubs are the finest examples of a mother's love.  During the credits, it is shown that Sita's cubs went their separate ways & she has become one of the most successful cheetah mothers to roam the plains. Mara has been accepted by her pride and is now ready for motherhood herself, Kali still reigns supreme on both sides of the river, and the filmmakers are still looking for Fang.
In 2012, Ana, a failed writer who works as a nurse, meets Freddy, an aspiring comic book artist, on a bus. Though Ana brushes him off, Freddy persists in conversation. The two are surprised to find that they live on the same street in a small town, but before they can talk any further, the bus is involved in an apparent crash. Ana wakes up in her bed, late for work. When she arrives at the hospital, it seems deserted, though she finds a mysterious, barely-intelligible audio recording. Although the town initially seems empty, loud music draws her to Freddy's house. After comparing experiences, the two set off to explore the town.  At a police station, they find that all communications channels, including radio transmitters, are down. As they explore the town limits, they discover a dark wall of fog encircles the town and is slowly encroaching. Unwilling to drive through it, they retreat to the center of town, which they discover has suddenly reverted to 1992. As Freddy unsuccessfully attempts to get the attention of passers-by, Ana observes a younger version of herself interact with her Aunt Lu. After they suddenly shift back to 2012, Freddy estimates that they have three days until the fog engulfs them. The two discuss theories, including whether they have died in the bus crash.  Remembering the recording at the hospital, Ana shows it to Freddy. They are surprised to hear a real-time conversation in which doctors discuss cutting off life support for Ana in three days, as she has been in a coma for two months. Ana explains that after her aunt's protracted coma and eventual death, she signed a living will. Freddy suggests that the fog represents Ana's impending death, and the two reluctantly enter the fog to find answers. They find a locked door, thousands of keys, and a chain. They flee back to town when they hear monstrous growling, and a chained monster chases them. As they gather supplies, Freddy experiences a memory of his step-father, who attempts to bond with him after Freddy gets in trouble at school.  Ana describes a play she wrote about a monster similar to the one that chased them, and Freddy shows her a comic book that he made that ends with a locked door and thousands of keys. Convinced that their experiences and memories are being brought to life, the two go to a fairground they both visited on the same day in 1992. There, they observe a brief meeting between their younger selves. Convinced that they must face the monster, they set a trap, but it only frees the monster from its chains. Freddy and Ana hole up in a church. When Ana suddenly becomes ill, Freddy leaves to confront the monster by himself. Ana is horrified to see him dragged off, and she retreats to her childhood house.  There, she experiences a memory in which she performs her play with Aunt Lu. During the play's climax, Freddy's friends coerce him into petty vandalism that results in an accidental fire and Aunt Lu's coma. Back in 2012, a bruised and battered Freddy appears and apologizes before sinking into unconsciousness. When the monster appears, Ana kills it and takes the crucial key from its corpse. She drags Freddy to the door inside the fog, and when the key opens it, she pulls him across the threshold so that they escape together. In the hospital, Ana wakes up and rushes to find Freddy, whom she learns has already been released. His caretaker explains that Freddy has partial amnesia and remembers little except the crash itself. Using his sketchbook and an emotional embrace, Ana helps him to remember their shared experiences.
Tessa Young begins her first year of college by moving into her dorm room with the help of her mother, Carol, and her boyfriend, Noah. During this process she meets her new roommate Steph and Steph's girlfriend Tristan. The day after, Tessa shares a brief encounter with Steph's friend, Hardin Scott.   The following day Steph persuades Tessa to attend a party where she meets Steph's other friends: Zed, Molly, and Jace, and meets Hardin for the second time. The group play truth or dare, which reveals Tessa's virginity; she is dared to kiss Hardin but refuses. Later on at the party Hardin attempts to kiss Tessa, but she rejects his advances and leaves.  The following day Tessa meets with Landon, a classmate she met on her first day of classes, who reveals to her that he and Hardin are soon to become stepbrothers, with his mother engaged to Hardin's father. Following a class debate Hardin again approaches Tessa and insists they start over, inviting her to a nearby lake.   While they swim, Hardin kisses Tessa, saying that they cannot remain only friends. Later, the two encounter Molly and Zed at a diner, following which Tessa promises to tell her boyfriend about the kiss she shared with Hardin. He tells her not to do so, saying that he does not date, disappointing her.   Noah surprises Tessa with a visit, and the two experience an evening together around a bonfire. In a game of 'suck and blow' at the bonfire party, Jace purposely fails in order to kiss Tessa, making Hardin jealous and leading to a physical confrontation. While Noah sleeps in Tessa's bed after the party, she leaves to check in on Hardin, who has destroyed the house in a drunken rage. She comforts him and they kiss.  The next day Tessa returns to her dorm to check on Noah, who discovers her affair with Hardin and leaves her, heartbroken. Tessa and Hardin finally decide to date, but her mother threatens to cut her off financially if she continues the relationship, believing Hardin to be a bad influence.   Hardin finds an apartment for them to live together and they attend his father's wedding reception. Hardin reveals that his father was a drunk and that his mother was assaulted by some men his father provoked while drunk. Tessa comforts him, and they head back to their apartment where she loses her virginity to him.  Later, Tessa grows concerned about the text messages sent to Hardin by Molly; she attempts to confront him, but he dismisses her and leaves. After leaving the apartment searching for him, Tessa finds him at a diner with Molly, Zed, Steph, and Jace. Molly cruelly reveals shows Tessa a video from the first party they attended, telling that he pursued her as a challenge, intending to make her fall in love with him before breaking her heart. Hardin attempts to convince Tessa that his intentions changed as he got to know her, but Tessa ends their relationship.  A heartbroken Tessa returns home to reconcile with her mother and Noah, who both forgive her. In the weeks that follow, she cuts ties with Steph and her group of friends, eventually interviewing for an internship at Vance Publishing. Before Tessa leaves college at the end of the semester, her lecturer hands her an essay written by Hardin, in which he confesses his love for her; after reading it, Tessa returns to the lake to meet Hardin.
In the future on a human-populated space colony, Nova Prime, the S'krell extraterrestrial race attempts to take it over with creatures called Ursas, which hunt by "sensing" fear. Peacekeeping organization The Ranger Corps defeat them with a fear-suppressing technique called "ghosting", but not before an Ursa kills Senshi, the daughter of Rangers' leader Cypher Raige. Cypher's son Kitai blames himself for Senshi's death. He trains to become a Ranger like Cypher, but is rejected when he applies. Kitai's mother Faia convinces Cypher to take Kitai on his last voyage before retirement. During flight their spaceship is caught in an asteroid shower, causing them to crash-land on Earth, which humans had evacuated a thousand years earlier due to an environmental cataclysm.  The two manage to survive, but Cypher's legs are broken in the process, and the main beacon for firing a distress signal is damaged. Cypher instructs Kitai to locate the tail section of the ship, which broke off on entry to the atmosphere. Inside is the backup beacon, which they can use to signal Nova Prime. Cypher gives Kitai his weapon, a wrist communicator and six capsules of a fluid that enhances oxygen intake so he can breathe in Earth's low-oxygen atmosphere. Cypher warns him to avoid the highly evolved fauna and flora and be careful of violent thermal shifts. Kitai leaves to find the tail section, with Cypher guiding him through the communicator.  Kitai confronts many of the hazards his father warned about, including attacks from baboon-like monkeys, a venomous leech, a thermal shift, and the damaging of two of his capsules. After a story from Cypher about how he conceived "ghosting" to kill the Ursas, Kitai reaches a cliffside waterfall and Cypher learns about the broken capsules. Knowing that the only way to continue with two capsules would be to skydive, Cypher orders Kitai to abort the mission, but Kitai, believing that Cypher still sees him as a disappointment, goes against the order after blaming Cypher's absence at home for Senshi's death. Kitai is captured by a large condor and his communicator is damaged. In the bird's nest, Kitai tries and fails to defend her chicks against big cats before escaping to a river, where he drifts on a raft. After a sleep where he dreams of Senshi, he wakes up to a thermal shift that nearly freezes him to death. Kitai survives because the bird, who had lost her brood when the cats attacked, sacrificed herself for him because Kitai tried to protect her chicks.  Kitai reaches the tail section and tries to activate the emergency beacon, but the atmosphere blocks the signal. Kitai learns that the ship's Ursa escaped and killed the rest of the crew. He climbs the volcano to try again to activate the beacon, followed by the Ursa. It attacks him, but Kitai is able to kill it using the "ghost" technique he learned from Cypher. He and Cypher get back to Nova Prime via a rescue team.
After a ten-year relationship, Hank's girlfriend leaves him. He spends his days in melancholy, but a terrible creature begins to come to his house at nights and scratches his door with obviously unkind intentions. Hank tries to confront the monster, simultaneously recalling a collapsed relationship and trying to understand what went wrong with it.
Two high school students, Devon (Nikole Howell) and Jess Perkins (Savannah Matlow), have a crush on their teacher Ty Anderson (Bruce Kade), and they convince him to accept their friend requests on Facebook. Later, they report Anderson to Principal Wheatley (Art Roberts), saying that he made sexual comments to them on Facebook. Wheatley promptly fires Anderson, who snaps and kills Wheatley and his secretary Linda (Mindy Robinson) in furious response; he then overhears the girls discussing how they are going to a slumber party, so he decides to go there to take revenge on them for setting him up. Devon meets Jess and her sister Dee Dee (Simone Wasserman) at the party, along with their other friends Erin (Courtney Rood), Alex (Yasmine Soofi), Steph (Danika Galindo), and Laura (Lindsay Lamb). Nerds Max (Lonnie Alcide Gardner) and Joel (Nick Sinise) also arrive to spy on the girls.  Dee Dee has an argument with her boyfriend, Luke Dalton (Andrew Phillips), and goes to buy more beer. She is ambushed by Anderson, who impales her with a mailbox before killing another girl named Shelly (Kristyn Archibald). The girls discover Max and Joel and chase them away from the house before engaging in various party games. Anderson strangles a pizza delivery boy (Paul Tirado) when he arrives and hides his body in a trash barrel. When Max and Joel return, Joel passes out drunk in the garage while Anderson stabs Max in the throat with shears. Luke attempts to cheat on Dee Dee with Alex, but Anderson beats her to death with a radio after Luke leaves to mix drinks. Erin is drowned in a plastic tub while bobbing for apples, and Steph is hanged with a power cable in the garage.  Laura discovers Alex's body stuffed up the chimney before Anderson cuts her throat with an electric knife. He then reveals himself as the killer to Jess before knocking her out and killing Devon by shoving a curling iron down her throat. Luke discovers what Anderson has done and attacks him but is stabbed to death with a poker. Anderson leaves his mask in Luke's lifeless hand and flees the scene, framing him. The police arrive and assume Luke was the killer. Jess recovers and runs down the street and attempts to flag down a passing car, but gets run over in the process, but manages to  survive.
A librarian who has lost her job and is suicidal decides to take a final wonderful trip to Costa Rica before swallowing a bottle of pills. Once there, she meets a younger man, a vibrant tour guide who takes her to all the beautiful places, and becomes intrigued by her aloof intellectualism. He works hard to draw her out, to get her to embrace the Costa Rican motto, "Pura Vida," which means "pure life," but in a broader sense encompasses the national exuberance for living. She inspires him to read the first book he has ever read, and he encourages her to have some fun, relax, and loosen up for the first time in too many years. An unusual but lovely romantic relationship evolves.After Words - Rotten Tomatoes
Mr. Zimit, a philosophy teacher at an international school in Jakarta, has been challenging his class of twenty with thought exercises to prepare them for their future. On the last day of school, he holds an exercise in which he posits an oncoming atomic apocalypse. There is a bunker to shelter them for a year, but it only has supplies for ten people, so his students have to decide who of them should be allowed in. The top student, Petra, initially refuses to participate, but Zimit threatens to lower her boyfriend James' academic score if she does not.  Zimit distributes cards that contain a detail about the students' characters in the exercise: James is an organic farmer and Petra is an engineer. The students defend their right to enter the shelter, then there's a group vote after discussion. Students with skills judged useful for survival are allowed in, such as James and Petra, while those who don't are refused, such as Beatrice, a fashion designer. Zimit is part of the exercise but his skills are hidden. At first the students agree to let him in, but Zimit executes the students who have been rejected, claiming that it is more humane than letting them die by radiation. The remaining students race into the bunker before the explosion, locking out Zimit. Outside, Zimit holds up a card saying that only he has the exit code. After living out the year in the bunker, the survivors discover that the exit code is necessary. All attempts of breaking out of the bunker are futile, and after supplies run out they commit group suicide.  They decide to try the exercise again. The cards given earlier are revealed to contain a secondary detail that change the votes, e.g. Georgina, who was allowed in earlier because of her status as a surgeon, now has possibly contracted the Ebola virus and is rejected. Petra and James are still voted in despite James' additional character detail of being gay. Zimit and the chosen students enter the bunker, and agree to start procreating immediately. Various heterosexual pairs get together, but as James is gay in this exercise, Petra has to have sex with Zimit. After ten weeks there are no pregnancies, and Zimit argues that they need to change partners. When Bonnie, a soldier with eidetic memory, refuses, Zimit threatens her with a gun. Jack stabs Zimit, who responds by opening the doors and killing everyone. James questions Zimit's motives for the exercise, asking why he seems intent on punishing them. After checking the box with the cards, James discovers that his and Petra's cards were fixed. Zimit claims the exercise is meant to have James be confronted with how his privilege has made him ill-prepared for the real world, but James does not believe him.  Petra insists the exercise be carried out a third time, and asks everyone to trust her to choose who gets to enter the bunker. She picks people who are a potential risk or have non-technical skills, including an opera singer and poet, which angers Zimit. Petra herself refuses to enter the bunker, but is pushed inside when Chips switches places with her before the door closes. Zimit is outright refused entry since his exit code is no longer necessary—Bonnie remembers it from the previous iteration. Petra continues the thought exercise, explaining that the year in the bunker was enjoyable and filled with creativity. When they leave, they discover that the bombs never fell. Zimit narrates that they will die, as none of them have the technical skills to survive, but Petra counters that they will live the rest of their short lives well and welcome death when it arrives. Zimit arrives at the beach, having survived in a cave for the past year, and threatens to shoot James, but the rest of the survivors stand in front of him.  Back in class, Zimit is discomfited by the latest exercise. At the end of the session, everyone leaves except Petra, who accuses Zimit of trying to use the exercise to punish her and James. Zimit has been having an affair with Petra, and he believes James is beneath her. Petra argues that intelligence isn't all that matters. The film ends with Zimit alone in the school, where he reaches for a pistol in his drawer, and a gunshot is heard. However, like the scenarios posited by Zimit earlier in the film, the same scene is shown with multiple outcomes, reflecting the hypothetical outcomes of the previous experiments.
Isabel Andersen, co-founder of an orphanage in India, must travel to New York to meet a potential benefactor, millionaire CEO Theresa Young. Isabel is unwilling to travel due to her responsibilities at the orphanage and because she does not want to leave Jai, a boy whom she found on the street when he was a year old. He is the closest child in the orphanage to Isabel, and doesn't want Isabel to leave, but Theresa insists on an in-person meeting. Reluctantly, Isabel agrees and goes to the meeting, which takes place the day before the wedding of Theresa's daughter Grace. Theresa invites Isabel to the wedding as a courtesy and Isabel feels obliged to attend.  At the wedding, Isabel is surprised to see Theresa's husband is her teenage sweetheart Oscar Carlson, now a renowned visual artist. During Grace's wedding toast, she discovers that Grace is not Theresa's biological daughter, but is Oscar's. Isabel soon realizes that Grace is in fact her birth daughter by Oscar, whom they had placed for adoption as teenagers. Isabel returns to the house the day after the wedding to confront Oscar and learns that after placing the baby for adoption, he changed his mind within the 30-day grace period and reclaimed the infant Grace without informing her. Isabel then forces Oscar and Theresa to also inform Grace, who had always been told her biological mother had died.  Theresa encourages Isabel to get to know Grace and reconnect with Oscar, and eventually decides to dramatically increase her donation to the orphanage, thereby forcing Isabel to extend her stay in New York. Eventually, Theresa makes her donation, as well as a newly established fund in Isabel and Grace's name, contingent on Isabel moving to New York permanently.  Mistrustful of Theresa's real motives, Isabel angrily confronts her and learns that Theresa is dying. Theresa admits she has known about Isabel's link to Oscar and Grace all along and arranged the whole charade to install Isabel as a new mother figure to both Grace and Theresa's own eight-year-old twin boys. Oscar discovers his wife's illness around the same time and eventually tells Grace, who is already struggling with doubts about her recent marriage and the news that Isabel is her biological mother.  Theresa dies soon after and the family scatter her ashes. Isabel then returns to India for a visit to the orphanage and Jai. The film ends with Jai and his friends playing football in the orphanage.
As the film opens, Hunter (C. J. Thomason) is on a highway where he meets Jennifer and her young brother Satchel. While stopped, they witness several mushroom clouds that destroy nearby "targets." Satchel is blinded by looking directly at a nuclear detonation. The detonations generate an electromagnetic pulse which disables Jennifer's car. They search for and locate an old diesel vehicle which is not affected by the EMP, and scour nearby stores collecting supplies.  They meet and join with Elizabeth (Monica Keena) who tells them she saw explosions over other major cities in visual range. Car radio reports state that major cities on both the East and West coasts have been destroyed.  Hunter is shot by a frightened child while trying to find shelter in a local home. They leave immediately, unable to help the child.  They find another farmhouse nearby, which they initially mistake for unoccupied. As they attempt to gain entry, Hunter's group are interrupted by Brad (Edward Furlong) and Jonathan (Ross Britz). Brad, holding them at gunpoint, tries to drive them away, but is disarmed by Hunter. Jonathan, whose grandparents own the house, agrees to let Hunter and his party join the four survivors already inside: Jonathan, his diabetic uncle Wendell, Brad, and Brad's pregnant wife Angie.  Hunter organizes the survivors and instructs them to move all of their supplies into the cellar and attempt to seal it against the radioactive fallout which is coming. He tends to his own gunshot wound, finding a small bottle of antibiotics in a medicine cabinet in the bathroom. Once all of their supplies are stored in the cellar, Hunter and Jonathan barricade the door, sealing themselves inside. Hunter tells the survivors that they will need to remain inside the cellar for at least a month to avoid the fallout's worst effects. Hunter finds a Geiger counter which reveals that the radiation level is already much higher than expected.  Over the next few days, Jonathan retrieves the electronics he previously stored inside a metal safe—a radio and his MP3 player, which have survived the blast. Jonathan focuses on fixing the short-wave radio, and the survivors hear news of destruction in Europe and elsewhere by nuclear bombs. Repairing the microphone allows them to begin speaking with other survivors in bunkers elsewhere in the States.  They are joined by Jonathan's friend Rob (Andre Royo) a few days later, who is accidentally shot while trying to gain entry to the basement. Having been outside for longer, he has radiation burns and the early signs of radiation poisoning. He survives his gunshot wound and Jonathan, stricken with grief after accidentally shooting his friend, welcomes him into their shelter.  Despite their precautions, all of the survivors begin to weaken from radiation exposure. Jonathan's uncle Wendell, already weakened by diabetes, dies first. While burying Wendell, the survivors fend off an attack by desperate survivors weakened by nearly two weeks of exposure to radiation.  Angie, weakened by vomiting caused by radiation poisoning, has a miscarriage, hemorrhages, and dies. Brad, watching his wife and baby dying, draws his gun and grabs Satchel, threatening to kill him unless Hunter saves Angie; he is subdued by Jonathan who knocks him out with a shovel, and then has his hands bound.  Losing contact with the survivors in the other bunker, and hearing the attack that overwhelms them, the survivors realize that there is no help coming. Hunter notices that the others are slowly slipping away due to the radiation seeping into the basement.  Satchel develops pneumonia, and the survivors watch helplessly as he sickens and then dies. Hunter experiences intense guilt, blaming himself for using their limited supply of antibiotics to treat his own wound. Rob, accepting the inevitable, takes Satchel's body outside to bury it. He refuses to take a gun, telling Hunter that the survivors inside will need it more.  Brad, coming to terms with his grief, apologizes and is unbound by Hunter. Over the next two days, Elizabeth, Jennifer and Jonathan, beginning to lose their hair, spend most of their time sleeping, weak from radiation poisoning. Hunter and Brad, also losing hair, sit listening to movement from upstairs. Hunter tells Brad to let the others sleep, as they will need their strength to repel the coming attack. They both accept that Rob, now outside for two days, is not coming back.  The attack comes, and Hunter, realising they are vulnerable and trapped inside the basement, leads them outside after the initial wave is repelled. Now upstairs, Elizabeth is stabbed by one of the invaders and dies in Hunter's arms. Hunter, overcome with rage at Elizabeth's death, charges outside with Brad and they both attack the man who killed her. During the melee, Brad is killed saving Hunter from the attacker, who dies after being impaled on his own weapon by Hunter. Hunter staggers back to the house finding Jonathan holding a gun on him, before turning the gun on himself. Their basement now contaminated, Hunter and Jennifer stagger upstairs and curl up in a bed to sleep.  The film ends several weeks later. Only Hunter and Jennifer remain alive, seriously ill from radiation exposure, drinking contaminated water from a pump in the yard. Nearby is Rob's body, slumped against a tree, having evidently managed to bury Satchel but chosen not to return to the basement before dying of the radiation.
Roman Melnyk, a construction worker, is allowed to leave work early to prepare for the arrival of his wife Olena and pregnant daughter Nadiya from New York City, aboard flight AX 112. At the airport to welcome his family, Roman receives the news that AX 112, with his wife and daughter on board, had been in an accident. Roman is devastated and blames the air traffic controller for the deaths of his family.  Meanwhile, Jacob "Jake" Bonanos, an air traffic controller, is happily married to Christina with whom he has a young son named Samuel. Jake is on duty the night of the crash, which occurs when his colleague is on coffee break, forcing Jake to do both their jobs, and the telephone lines needed to communicate with other airports are briefly down while under maintenance. He is devastated after seeing AX 112 and the other flight, DH 616, disappear from the radar, knowing the two planes collided and were destroyed. Although the investigators cannot hold Jake responsible for the crash and the passengers' deaths, he blames himself; as time passes, he slowly unravels, straining the relationship with his family, and is unwilling to discuss what happened.  It is reported that all 271 passengers and crew were killed in the mid-air collision. Roman goes to the crash site and, posing as a volunteer with no relationship with the victims, recovers his daughter's necklace and the bodies of his wife and daughter. At home Roman stays hidden inside, when Tessa Gorbett, a journalist, approaches, expressing interest in writing a book on the incident. She ends up leaving behind some prior articles of plane disasters she had written about (to show her fidelity to accuracy and objectivity) through the mail slot of the door.  Because of the seriousness of the incident, his company's lawyer advises Jake to move to another state and adopt a new name for his and his family's safety. Roman meets lawyers John and James Gullick, who unsuccessfully try to convince him to sign an agreement stating that the airline will pay his expenses for medical and mental healthcare, plus $85,000 and $75,000 in damages for the loss of his wife and daughter respectively. Roman refuses to sign it, as neither the company nor the lawyers will express apologies for the loss of his family.  One year later, Roman and other crash victims' relatives attend the inauguration of a newly completed memorial at the crash site. Jake, having moved to another state, now works at a travel agency, under the name "Pat Dealbert", and lives alone. Roman has also moved to another town and now works as a carpenter.  Roman meets Tessa and asks her, as a favor, to find Jake. Tessa later reveals Jake's cover name and occupation, but she initially refuses to give his address. Roman later tracks down the building where Jake is working and follows him to his apartment. There, after waiting a day, on a day when Christina and Samuel happen to be visiting Jake for the weekend, Roman confronts him at his door. Jake tells him it was an accident without apologizing, so Roman stabs him in the torso and neck. Jake falls to the floor and bleeds to death, while Christina and Samuel sob and Roman deliriously sits down next to them on the couch.  Roman is convicted of murder and serves 10 years of his prison term, then is released early on parole, given the extenuating circumstances that motivated his crime. While visiting his family's grave, he meets a stranger. The young man turns out to be Samuel, who has tracked Roman down with the intention of killing him to avenge his father's murder. However, Roman apologizes, and Samuel, overcome with emotion, realizes he cannot go through with the execution because it's not what he was taught. He allows Roman to leave. Roman walks away alive, but now must spend the rest of his life dealing with the aftermath of his crime.
Rachel is a mother living in an unhappy life, frustrated by the roles of being a stay-at-home mom and not having had sex with her husband Jeff for months. She visits her therapist, Lenore, but is unable to find any help in her advice.  Looking to spice up their relationship, Rachel and Jeff go to a strip club, where Rachel sees McKenna. Jeff buys her a private lap dance from McKenna; Rachel finds out that McKenna is only 19. Rachel and Jeff continue not having sex.  Rachel drives to the neighborhood of the strip club, hoping to see McKenna. At an espresso hut, she sees McKenna and they start talking. She introduces herself and they become friends, having coffee together regularly. One day, Rachel finds McKenna thrown out of her residence, and now homeless, so she invites her to stay at her large house. While Jeff is less than happy, Rachel does not feel that she can kick her out, as she feels she can help McKenna get out of being a stripper. She finds out that McKenna is a prostitute, who has clients she sees regularly.  Rachel starts teaching McKenna to nanny her young son Logan. When Rachel is frustrated at a school event, she asks McKenna if she can go with her to see her client, Jack. When there, she watches the two of them have sex, and is horrified by what she sees.  When asked by a friend if McKenna can babysit, Rachel changes her mind and says she doesn't want her to. McKenna is upset by this, as she went through a lot of effort buying things for the girls' party. While the women are out, and all the men are at Jeff and Rachel's house, McKenna comes in and starts acting provocatively. She ends up sleeping with one of Jeff's friends, but his wife and Rachel walk in on them. McKenna is thrown out of their house.  Rachel tells Jeff that she wants out of this life, and out of her head, which he takes to mean he should leave. At a visit to Lenore, Rachel comforts Lenore when she starts crying and telling her how her partner had left, saying "I don't want to start all over again." That night, Rachel goes to Jeff (he is staying in the garage of one of his friends) and they reconcile, being happier than ever.  One day while driving, Rachel sees McKenna on the street, and starts to stop but changes her mind. She tells her friend that she had nothing to say to her.  Rachel and Jeff are happy together again. The film ends with Rachel and Jeff having passionate sex while Rachel moans with orgasm.
Gringo, Ariel, and Pollo meet Hungarian sisters Monica and Kylie and their Russian friend Irina at a club in Chile. They decide to travel together to Valparaíso but during a party at another club, an earthquake strikes, trapping them under debris. Ariel loses his hand trying to help a trapped bartender, and they struggle to escape until a cleaning lady guides them through a tunnel to a manhole. Unfortunately, a passing truck kills the old lady as they try to climb out.  After escaping the club, the group finds their car destroyed and Ariel's condition worsens due to blood loss. They decide to get him to a hospital on top of the hill. As they rush to the cable tram station, a tsunami warning is heard. The owner agrees to let only Ariel board the tram car, but a frayed cable breaks, causing the car to plummet to the bottom of the hill, killing everyone on board.  The group heads towards the cemetery through a hidden tunnel after Ariel's tragic death. Along the way, they encounter escaped prisoners looting on the streets. Trying to escape, Gringo gets trapped under a falling building while Monica and Pollo leave to find help. They come across an out-of-control firetruck that crashed due to prisoners attempting to take it over. Monica and Pollo save the living firefighter trapped inside.  While Irina comforts Gringo, Kylie overhears approaching prisoners. Gringo tells the women to hide, but the prisoners threaten him for their location. Irina is captured and raped by the leader while the others sit around joking. Gringo tries to stop the leader and is burned alive in retaliation. Kylie runs away and bumps into Monica and the group, who go back for Irina. Pollo kills the leader's brother, but as they try to escape, the leader returns and kills Irina.  The group finds a gated building with other survivors but a single mother initially refuses to let them in. As they beg, the woman shoots Pollo in the chest. They hide him and go to get help, but one of the prisoners hears Pollo's phone ringing and finds him. They kill Pollo and pursue the others.  The group reaches the cathedral, and the priest saves them by leading them through a secret passage. The cathedral collapses during an aftershock, killing the priest and injuring Kylie. The firefighter who helps Kylie is revealed to be one of the escaped prisoners. Monica finds Kylie's body while the prisoner tries to kill her, but she manages to kill him with an axe during another aftershock.  Monica finally manages to escape through the tunnel and reaches a beach, but she passes out. When she regains consciousness, she looks behind and sees a massive tsunami barreling towards her.
Rachel, the sole survivor of an incident at the abandoned Holmesburg Prison, is being interviewed in the prison by Detective Ramsey. Hours earlier, during a housewarming party, Rachel's wannabe filmmaker friend, Hank, convinced Rachel and seven others to help him make a ghost hunting video at Holmesburg. After breaking into the building, the group splits up to explore it, with Rachel and her ex-boyfriend, Sean, uncovering paperwork relating to human experimentation, as well as unintelligible blueprints for structures similar to Holmesburg.  The filmmakers are stalked and picked off one by one by a figure wearing a gas mask and a Hazmat suit. Hank is convinced that the murderer is an alien, reveals that Holmesburg is a hotspot for extraterrestrial phenomena, and postulates that the prison's true purpose is to act as something akin to a landing pad for otherworldly beings visiting Earth. Hank and two others are all killed at the same time by the murderer, who binds, gags, and places gas masks on Dan and Michelle, which leads to the latter being accidentally killed by Sean.  After Rachel and Sean find and free Dan, the three discover a Methamphetamine laboratory on the prison property, where they recover Dan's cellphone. The trio call for aid and seemingly kill the masked man, only for another to appear and kill Dan. Rachel and Sean flee into the laboratory, where they find a bunch of dead drug cooks and dealers right before Sean accidentally attacks and is shot by a SWAT Team.  Detective Ramsey has doubts about Rachel's story, as he and his fellow officers have found no signs of there being anyone else in the prison besides the methamphetamine dealers, all of whom were dead before Rachel's group broke in Holmesburg. Detective Ramsey posits that Rachel and her friends all unknowingly became high on methamphetamine fumes, which led to one or more of them potentially killing each other during psychotic breaks, right before another officer radios in to inform Detective Ramsey that they have recovered all of the footage that was shot by Hank's hidden cameras, and that, "It's not what we thought." The lights then go out, and gunshots and screams ring out as a figure wearing a gas mask enters the room and slaughters Detective Ramsey. The entity then removes its mask to reveal that it is an alien right before lunging at Rachel.
On January 16, 1942, US Navy airmen pilot Harold Dixon, bombardier Tony Pastula and radioman Gene Aldrich, flying a Douglas TBD Devastator torpedo bomber from the aircraft carrier USS Enterprise, encounter problems on a patrol mission over the South Pacific. Separated from other aircraft on the mission and unable to get their bearings, Dixon makes a decision to head back to the carrier.  Radioman Aldrich announces they are out of range of reception. Running low in fuel and unsure of their exact location, Dixon orders his crew to prepare for the ditching and to assemble their survival gear. After making a successful ditching, the survivors find themselves on a tiny life raft, surrounded by open ocean. Even seeing a dive bomber from their carrier searching for them, they realize that the search is too far away from their position, and the rescue effort will soon move away from them. Dixon describes their predicament as "lost at sea", the naval term for giving up the search.  With Dixon taking charge, an inventory of their survival gear is made. They realize there are no oars, or map, and more importantly, no food or water. With little hope of rescue, they drift across the ocean. Aldrich is eventually able to kill a shark after it attacks their makeshift fishing rod, which they then eat to stave off starvation, and rainfall initially prevents dehydration, though rations for both dwindle and the 3 are forced to drink their own urine. Aldrich's hand is bitten by a shark, and Dixon is almost eaten after retrieving a bird that Aldrich had shot.  Tensions rise and Aldrich turns on Dixon prompting the latter to reveal that he fell asleep prior to their having to ditch the plane, and is the reason that they became lost in the first place, despite this both men are able to partially forgive Dixon after he uses their shoes as makeshift oars. They begin to row and agree that whoever spots land first is owed a meal by the other 2, "anything he wants, anywhere he wants". Despite this optimism, a storm hits the raft and Tony is nearly lost, though all 3 survive now with no supplies. At their lowest point and nearly dead, the trio spot land and wash up on the shore of an island, PukaPuka.  Credits reveal they spent 34 days at sea, having rowed for over 1000 miles. Dixon was awarded the Navy Cross and never flew again. Tony was unable to continue with the Navy though his ashes were scattered at sea upon his death in 1986. Aldrich continued as a Radioman and married Tony's sister, Frances, in 1946.
Using flesh-regeneration machines, Genetisharp (a biotech company) creates a set of living dinosaurs and pterosaurs from a strand of DNA. The creatures escape and terrorize Los Angeles. These prehistoric animals include a giant Ceratosaurus, raptorlike Carnotaurus, building-climbing Spinosaurus, and brutal Pteranodon. The final battle is on the Hollywood Sign, and the dinosaurs are all destroyed when they are run into a collapsing building due to them being drawn there by scent.
Harpooner Ishmael (Corey Sevier) joins Ahab (Danny Glover) and his crew on the Pequod, in this instance an armored land boat that hunts for dragons. The seven-strong crew ostensibly seeks the precious "vitriol", a highly explosive liquid substance found inside the fire-breathing winged creatures, which powers the mythical realm they live in. Ishmael joins their quest, and soon learns that in fact, Ahab's mission is one of revenge on a particular great white dragon that decades ago scarred and injured him, and killed his sister. Forced to hide from the sunlight due to the burn wounds on his body, Ahab now tries to kill all dragons, and especially the white one. Conflict arises through a romantic entanglement between Ishmael and Ahab's adopted daughter Rachel (Sofia Pernas), which causes hostility from the jealous hothead Flask (Larry Bagby). In the white dragon's lair, Ahab's secrets are revealed and Rachel must choose between following him on his dark quest or escaping to a new life with Ishmael. She chooses the latter and in a final confrontation, Ahab's spear, which was tied to his foot, becomes entangled in the White Dragon's neck. The creature flies off with a screaming Ahab, until he is slammed against a rock pillar and silenced. The white dragon flies off into the distance, with Ahab's body clinging on to it.
One year after the events of Captain America: The First Avenger, Agent Peggy Carter is now a member of the Strategic Scientific Reserve (SSR). She faces sexism from her boss, Agent John Flynn, who treats her condescendingly and keeps her compiling data and code breaking while assigning field cases to the male agents. The SSR's main concern is the mysterious Zodiac, which they have been unable to recover for some time.  One night alone in the office while the men are out together, Carter answers the case line to hear of the location of the Zodiac. Though three to five agents are recommended, Carter decides to go to the location herself. Fighting off multiple guards, Carter is able to retrieve the Zodiac, a mysterious serum, herself. The next day, Flynn reprimands her for not going through the proper procedures to complete the mission, and dismisses the indignant Carter as just an "old flame" of Captain America's who was given her current job out of pity for her bereavement. However, before he can officially punish her, the case line rings again, this time with Howard Stark on the other end, who informs Flynn that Carter will co-head the newly created S.H.I.E.L.D.  In a mid-credits scene, Dum Dum Dugan is seen poolside with Stark, marveling at two women wearing the newly created bikinis.
Teenager Aden (Higa) has been training as an agent with the "Agents of Secret Stuff" (A.S.S.), a secret society of spies, his whole life. To receive his "Honorary Operative License Entitlement" (H.O.L.E.), he must fulfill one more mission for A.S.S. operative Tracy. Aden is given the undercover mission to protect Taylor (Arden Cho), a high school student who, for unknown reasons, has been targeted by the opposing assassins group, the "Society Involving Not-So-Good Stuff" (S.I.N.S.).  At first Aden, under the false name Jose McDonald, has difficulty fitting in with the high school scene, and continuously attempts to protect Taylor from normal things that he perceives as threats, causing more harm than good. On the fourth time protecting Taylor, Aden eventually reveals that he is an A.S.S., and explains the backstory of the S.I.N.S. and the A.S.S. When Taylor tells him to leave, he is forced to explain his actions, and she sympathetically helps him learn how to be a normal teenager.  On the day of the school dance, Aden again tries to save Taylor's life from Melvin (D-Trix), angering Taylor. Aden leaves Taylor with Melvin, only to realize Melvin is actually the S.I.N.S. assassin, which eventually leads to a chase scene to a warehouse. At the warehouse, Melvin ties Taylor to a chair, and when Aden eventually reaches the building, Melvin reveals that Taylor is part of the A.S.S.'s plans, which eventually leads to a fight between Aden and Melvin, which tilts to Aden's favor, until Melvin resorts to attacking Aden with a mousetrap. After Aden falls to the ground, Melvin attempts to finish him off with an axe. However, Taylor is able to break free from the chair, leading to a fight between the two.  Melvin was later defeated by Taylor, but eventually leaps at Aden and Taylor, but was later attacked from behind by Tracy. Tracy eventually congratulates Aden for "bringing out Taylor's full potential". Eventually, two other A.S.S. agents arrive, consisting of Aden's step-step-brother-in-law, and X (the A.S.S. founder), who reveals to Taylor that he is her father. X then also congratulates Aden, and awards him the H.O.L.E., making him an official A.S.S. Aden then asks Taylor to go to the homecoming dance with him, but Taylor was able to beat him to it, but when the two reach the school, the dance has already ended. Aden eventually sets his watch to JR Aquino's "You and I" and asks Taylor to dance. While dancing, a bush starts making noise, startling the two. Before they go investigate, the two share a kiss, ending the movie.
Ruth Guthrie walks across a field and is followed by Bob Muldoon, who tries to dissuade Ruth from leaving him to return to her mother's.  Ruth is adamant and reveals that she is angry because Bob told Freddy that he was going to 'strike out on his own'. Bob says this isn't the case. Ruth reveals she is pregnant, and they reconcile.  Later, Bob and Freddy commit a crime while Ruth waits in the getaway car. The police, including Patrick Wheeler, pursue them to farmhouse. In the ensuing gunfight, Freddy is killed and Ruth shoots Patrick. Bob takes the fall for shooting Patrick and the crime committed earlier so Ruth can avoid jail. Bob and Ruth surrender their weapons. They are apprehended and Bob jailed. Ruth tells Skerrit, Freddy's father, that she is going to wait for Bob. Bob writes several letters from jail, promising Ruth to be back with her and their child. Ruth gives birth to their daughter, Sylvie.  Years pass. Ruth and Sylvie live a normal life in the small town of Meridian, Texas. Patrick, who does not know it was Ruth that actually shot him, notices Ruth and Sylvie around town, but Ruth avoids any contact with him. One day, Patrick makes a visit to Ruth's residence and tells her that Bob has escaped from prison. The local detective questions Ruth as to Bob's whereabouts, and Ruth tells him that Bob has not come to visit her. Meanwhile, Bob is traversing Missouri to escape the authorities. He makes it to Texas and obtains help from his friend Sweetie. Meanwhile, three bounty hunters, led by an individual called Bear, visit Skerrit's hardware store and make general inquiries about the town.  Patrick visits Ruth to return her letters the police looked over after Bob escaped. He tells her that she should move to a safer place, which Ruth takes to mean as until Bob is caught. Bob visits Skerrit at his hardware store, where Skerrit tells him there are many people who want him dead and that Bob needs to stay away from Ruth and Sylvie. Patrick visits Sweetie's establishment, asking if he has seen Bob. As they go upstairs, Bob narrowly escapes but leaves behind a photo of Ruth and Sylvie.  On the day of Sylvie's birthday party, Patrick gives Sylvie a guitar. While talking with Sylvie at the party, Patrick learns that Ruth has been planning a trip with Sylvie. Bob arrives at the house but notices Patrick and subsequently leaves. Bob returns to the original shootout location and encounters the bounty hunters. They shoot at him, and he kills one during a struggle, but he is also seriously wounded. He gets away but is chased by the third. Bob coerces a driver, Will, to drive him back to Ruth's house. Will tries to tell Bob that he should be taken to a hospital but Bob refuses, insisting to be taken to Ruth's house.  Sylvie wakes up to find her mother sleeping on the sofa in Patrick's arms. They are startled by gunshots outside. Patrick runs out to investigate and finds the third bounty hunter in a shootout with Skerrit. Patrick shoots the bounty hunter dead and finds that Skerrit is fatally wounded. Ruth and Sylvie are taken to the police station for questioning and safekeeping. When Patrick returns them to their home, they find the front door open and Patrick goes in to investigate, finding a grievously wounded Bob. Ruth follows Patrick into the house and stops Patrick from approaching Bob. Ruth tends to Bob, and Sylvie enters to see her father dying in the arms of her mother. Patrick takes Sylvie back outside and comforts her, while her parents exchange a few last words.
A biochemical weapons-catastrophe has wiped out most of mankind and rendered the air unbreathable. The U.S. government hastily built a few makeshift underground bunkers in which a few scientists are kept in cryogenic sleep until the air is no longer toxic. Each of those bunkers is kept up by a couple of maintenance workers who are awoken for two hours every six months to perform routine tasks and inspections to keep the facility going.  Two workers of such a facility, Cartwright and Bauer, go about their normal list of tasks during one wake-cycle. Cartwright has occasional visions of his wife Abby, and has conversations with her, to Bauer's annoyance.  Just as the two hours are almost over, Cartwright's sleeping chamber is destroyed by a fire that was caused by recent seismic activity. The two frantically locate the valve for the emergency air-supply, and then try to find a spare chamber for Cartwright to sleep in.  The chamber is operational, and Bauer chooses to use it. The chamber malfunctions and almost suffocates Bauer until Cartwright finally appears and cuts him free, destroying the chamber in the process.  With no other spare chamber in the facility, Bauer insists that they eject a random sleeping person to allow Cartwright to occupy that chamber. Cartwright refuses to send anyone to their death, and insists there is another way. He exits the facility in a hazmat suit in an attempt to enter a nearby sister-facility, with Bauer on the radio helping him navigate. Cartwright encounters several corpses as he makes his way through air ducts.  When he finally enters the facility, he realizes that everybody there is dead, and has been for a long time. Although the computer system has reported all facility workers to be alive and well during the previous wake -cycles, it is apparent that this was a ruse to make the workers believe they're not alone, for them to stay sane.  At the same time, Bauer reviews the security-footage and realizes that Cartwright was standing next to him the entire time while he almost suffocated in the spare chamber, indicating that Cartwright had tried to kill him, and only decided against it in the last minute.  As Cartwright returns to their own facility, Bauer confronts him with a gun. A chase through the facility ensues, with Cartwright finally getting the upper hand by sneaking up on Bauer and injecting a large dose of morphine into him. Bauer accepts his fate, and makes peace with Cartwright before passing out.  In an epilogue, Cartwright wakes up for another cycle, appearing to have aged many decades. The air is breathable again, and the facility's system is automatically waking up all the sleepers, who exit their chambers and walk up to the Earth's surface, with Abby among them.
After a major electromagnetic storm cripples communications worldwide, a new satellite-based Airborne collision avoidance system (ACAT) air traffic control system is struck, with debris hitting the earth. The malfunctioning satellite puts all air traffic in danger on the U.S. east coast where it is being operated on a "pilot project".  Consequently, two aircraft are heading on a collision course. One is a commercial airliner carrying hundreds of passengers while the other is Air Force One, carrying President Phillips (Andy Clemence), the President of the United States, and his family. The ACAT begins sending out errant commands that put both aircraft into serious jeopardy.  In the severe electric storm, satellites begin failing with debris hitting major populated areas in the United States. Dr. Antonia "Toni" Pierce (Erin Coker) comes upon some of the debris and contacts Cleveland FAA Air Traffic controller Bob Abbot (Reginald VelJohnson). Abbot tries to prevent the looming disaster, overriding all top level directives to keep aircraft flying, he wants to ground all traffic.  Both the commercial airliner and Air Force One are struck by repeated lightning strikes that partially disable the aircraft. The damaged satellite signals cause the ACAT to wreak havoc on the escorting F-16 fighters. The McDonnell Douglas MD-80 airliner also loses both engines but gets a restart just before impacting. A rogue Sidewinder missile from Air Force One also strikes the converging airliner and both aircraft impact in a glancing hit. The airliner crash-lands in Cleveland.  An Air Force Lockheed C-130 Hercules rescue effort ultimately fails to bring Air Force One's passengers to safety, and electrical impulses affecting the president's aircraft kill the flight crew, leaving the only alternative being the President's daughter (Stephanie Hullar) attempting to disable the ACAT system. When the ACAT is finally overridden, the President takes control of Air Force One and brings it into a landing at Detroit.
On a maiden flight with Coastal Airlines, the Starquest airliner program introduces the most sophisticated and enjoyable flying experience to date, with pilot Joseph Franklin (Scott Valentine) in charge. Special Agent Gina Vitale (Lindsey McKeon) is on the flight to protect Franklin, who is also the President's brother.  At Franklin's house, two thugs break in, kill the housekeeper and abduct his wife and children. A group of 10 neo-Nazis, who have sneaked guns onto the flight, force their way into the cockpit, killing the navigator. Agent Vitale makes it into the cargo hold and is able to contact her home base. Robert Stevens (Geoff Meed), the leader of the assault, forces the pilot to contact his sister, President Harriet Franklin (Meredith Baxter) and demands that 10 of his Argus Aryan Brotherhood be released.  A group of Lockheed Martin F-22 Raptor fighters tail the hijacked airliner, but one of them is destroyed in a fuel dump. When the autopilot malfunctions, the airliner plunges to the earth before pulling out of the dive just above a city. Willie (Amir Wilker) brings a flight attendant to the cargo hold, but encounters Vitale, who kills him. Other terrorists shoot a flight attendant, thinking she is the sky marshal. When the President does not release the "brothers", Robert shoots another flight attendant.  With an FBI SWAT team at the isolated cabin where Joe Franklin's family is held, in the White House, President Franklin gives the command to initiate "Kittyhawk", a secret system that can remotely control aircraft from a satellite. Just when the airliner goes out of control, the President realizes she must make a momentous decision, choosing between her family and the safety of the people in the cities below.  In the cargo hold, when Robert reveals that the skyjacking is a ruse for a bank heist, he is confronted by Vitale and chooses to trigger an explosion that not only kills him but results in the cargo door slicing off a jet engine. With the Starquest plummeting out of control and heading for Washington, the order to shoot it down results in the pursuing jet fighters being ineffective when the airliner's automated defense systems are triggered.  Finally acting to protect the passengers, the Sky Marshal (Peter Smith) is killed, but Vitale shoots the terrorists and takes back control of the Starquest. With the Franklin family rescued, the President resorts to a last-ditch attempt to down the aircraft. Using a new and unpredictable satellite-based laser results in taking out one of the trailing F-22 Raptors. She tells her brother to do the only thing left, pilot the Starquest to a water landing on the Potomac River, at Washington D.C.
YouTuber Logan Paul is videocalling his Australian girlfriend, Ariel, with whom he has an online relationship. The two attempt to have cybersex, but are interrupted from doing so, firstly by Logan's foreign exchange brother Juanpa Zurita, and secondly by Lele Pons who tries to capture Logan's face when he is masturbating. Logan's friends tell him of a convention consisting of social media influencers called "Hashtagacon", which is being held in Sydney, giving him a chance to finally meet Ariel. However, he has to get over his fear of flying, which was set off ten years ago when Juanpa told him to jump from a tree as part of a YouTube stunt.  Logan, Juanpa and Andrew Bachelor take a taxi to the airport, and Andrew tells Logan that prankster Vitaly Zdorovetskiy will be on the same flight, as he is being extradited back to Australia to be put on trial for an incident involving dingoes. Juanpa goes to immigration where the customs officer believes that he is an illegal immigrant, and deports him back to Mexico, although Juanpa convinces him to deport him to Australia as he is desperate to lose his virginity. Logan goes through customs smoothly, but his fear of flying gets the better of him and has to be forced to get on the plane by his friends. Logan takes his seat next to a woman named Jenna, who has similar femur scars as him, and she holds his hand as the plane is about to take off. The pilots announce over the intercom that all passengers should put their smartphones on airplane mode, which they refuse to do. The phone signals causes havoc within the plane's wiring, resulting in the pilots getting electrocuted to their death. One of the flight attendants, Clarice, looks through the peephole, walks in and then immediately walks out, thinking that the pilots are having oral sex.  Logan asks for Jenna's Instagram handle, but she tells him that she is not on social media, before realizing that he is part of the "Hashtagacon" group. Logan plays this down and says that he is actually on the flight to meet his girlfriend for the first time. Jenna asks Logan about his girlfriend and how he can love someone that he has not met. Logan tells her that Ariel is the only person that can make him snort while laughing. Jenna proves to Logan that she can do the same thing, and flings a chocolate mousse at a sleeping passenger across the aisle, making him snort as well. Jenna then goes to sleep, using Logan's shoulder as a makeshift pillow. Hours later, Clarice discovers that the co-pilots are actually dead, and gets the air marshal over to the cockpit to deal with the situation, leaving Vitaly on his own. Logan gets up from his seat and overhears the conversation in the cockpit. He opens the door and asks if everything is okay, but freaks out when he realizes that the pilots are dead. Suddenly Vitaly appears, killing the air marshal by breaking his neck, while Clarice and Logan both faint and collapse on the floor.  Logan wakes up in the cockpit and goes to find Juanpa to see if he can help him, but he is incapable of doing so. Realizing that his friends would also be the same way, Logan wakes Jenna up from her sleep and gets her to go to the cockpit with him. Jenna freaks out over the situation, while Logan decides to try and find the flight attendants, who are bound and gagged in the cargo by Vitaly. However, Logan chickens out and it is only when Jenna berates him that he decides to come back. He calls the air traffic controller in Sydney, and tells him that the pilots are dead and the flight attendants are missing. The air traffic controller named Benji, suggests using the auto-pilot stick which Logan had broken in a panic, but when Logan tells him that they cannot use that, Benji cannot help them anymore and goes on a lunch break. Meanwhile, Vitaly wants to know where the emergency oxygen supply is, and proceeds to feed a dog cat food, so Clarice tells him where it is. Vitaly opens the cargo door, and says that it was dog food the whole time; it was just in a tin used for cat food. He then throws Clarice out of the plane, before saying his catchphrase, "It's just a prank, bro!".  Vitaly opens the emergency door, and Andrew, who is more concerned with filming himself than being in his seat, is the second person to be thrown out of the plane. Nick Bateman makes an inspiring speech to the passengers and as he is a junior pilot, he will save the day or die trying. As soon as he walks through the curtain, he is stabbed in the front by Vitaly. As established in an earlier scene (for reasons which are unexplained), Logan has the ability to read the minds of gay people, and through the male flight attendant, Bruce, he prevents Jenna from using the oxygen mask, since Vitaly replaced it with chloroform. Logan and Vitaly fight each other in the plane, where it is revealed that the "Hashtagacon" convention is all just an elaborate prank, and Vitaly knocks him out with a fire extinguisher. When Logan comes to, Bruce tells him that Vitaly has the only parachute on board, who opens the cargo door to get rid of them. However, they are saved by Logan's pet parrot, Maverick. Bruce advises Logan to use the autopilot, to which Logan awkwardly laughs, as he had broken off the autopilot stick. Vitaly commandeers the plane, bringing it further into the sky, so he can make his escape. Jenna's hands are tied but she manages to hand Logan the autopilot stick, which he throws into Vitaly's chest, who laughs it off as a flesh wound. Vitaly's parachute is released and he is killed when he is flung backwards into the engine. Logan uses Jenna's smartphone to watch a YouTube instructional video on how to land a plane, although it too ends with the same advice Benji and Bruce had given him: use the autopilot. Benji then calls the cockpit, telling Logan that he is surprised they made it this far and that he should just land the plane on the white line, fly straight and hope that they do not explode on contact, all while insulting Logan, much to his frustration. Although they land successfully on the runway, the plane fails to stop, so Logan has to quickly watch the instruction video to slam on the brakes at the last minute. Then, the engine explodes just as Logan and Jenna are about to kiss. As everyone gets off the plane, Logan meets Benji, who he promptly headbutts. He also runs into Juanpa, who spent most of the flight getting drunk and trying to have sex with Brittany Furlan. Logan and Jenna say their goodbyes, and Logan realizes that he actually has feelings for her and not Ariel. Logan and Juanpa drive to Ariel's house, and he decides to put Juanpa in his place instead. Ariel figures out right away that Juanpa is not Logan, but decides to have sex with him anyway as he has an accent. As Juanpa is about to climax, they are caught in the act by Ariel's (adoptive) father, who chases Juanpa around the bedroom before he jumps out of the window and runs off naked. Logan arrives at the hotel room Jenna is staying in, but assumes she has made up with her "boyfriend", Richie. However, as Logan leaves the room, he immediately knows that Richie is gay and runs back in, kicks Richie out who is confused as to why Logan can hear his thoughts. Logan then makes out with Jenna and the two have sex.  In a mid-credits scene, Juanpa is seen running across another beach (with only a couple of leaves covering his genitals) and chases after a kangaroo. Logan arrives at the house of the boy whose instructional video he watched, and kicks down the door which knocks out the boy's sister. Finally, Andrew is shown to have survived the whole ordeal, washing up on another beach and then starts making out with a sex doll.
Bradley and Connor are intellectual elitists who've secretly been planning to murder a former college classmate and close friend, Ronald. Ronald has gathered all of his family and friends to make a big announcement. What Ronald doesn't know is that he will become the victim when Bradley and Connor decide that natural selection is no longer doing its job. It's up to them to force Ronald to defend himself and prove that only the strong survive. Unfortunately, he is physically overpowered, bound, gaged and put into an airtight, soundproof chest in the middle of the living room that will be the stage for the night's festivities. Once they've sealed the chest, there is only one hour's worth of air. He will slowly suffocate right beneath his closest friends and family without them ever knowing.
The Thekkinmuttil family decides to send Appachan and Ammachi to an old-age home in Kerala. To take a break out of their regular lives they decide to make the long-pending trip to Niagara Falls.
Aladdin, an orphaned street urchin in the fictional city of Agrabah (based on Baghdad), and his monkey, Abu, meet Princess Jasmine, who has snuck away from her sheltered life in the palace. She wishes to succeed her father as Sultan but is instead expected to marry one of her royal suitors. Jafar, the Grand Vizier, schemes to overthrow the Sultan and seeks a magic lamp that only "the diamond in the rough" can retrieve.  While sneaking into the royal palace to visit Jasmine, Aladdin and Abu are captured by Jafar. He offers to make Aladdin rich enough to impress Jasmine in exchange for retrieving the lamp from the Cave of Wonders. Once there, Aladdin frees a magic carpet and finds the lamp. Aladdin gives the lamp to Jafar, who double-crosses him and kicks him and Abu into the cave, but Abu steals the lamp back.  Trapped in the cave, Aladdin rubs the lamp, unwittingly summoning the omnipotent Genie inside, who has the power to grant three wishes to anyone who has the lamp. Aladdin gets them out of the cave without using a wish, on a technicality. Determined to woo Jasmine, he uses his official first wish to become a prince and promises to use his third wish to free the Genie from servitude and turn him human.  Aladdin makes an extravagant arrival at Agrabah as "Prince Ali of Ababwa", but he struggles to impress Jasmine. Posing as Aladdin's human attendant, the Genie is mutually smitten with Dalia, Jasmine's handmaiden. Aladdin and Jasmine bond when he takes her on a ride on the magic carpet. Tricked into revealing his true identity, he lies to her, saying that he actually is a prince and dressed like a peasant to explore Agrabah.  When Jafar discovers Aladdin's identity, he kidnaps Aladdin and throws him into the palace moat and into the sea, knowing that if he survives, it will prove that he has the lamp. The Genie rescues Aladdin, costing him his second wish. Once rescued, Aladdin returns to the palace and destroys Jafar's magic cobra staff, ending his spell over the Sultan and revealing his plot. Jafar is then arrested and imprisoned in the dungeons. The Sultan allows Aladdin to marry Jasmine. Aladdin goes back on his promise to free the Genie, feeling uncertain of being able to keep up his charade without him. Dismayed that Aladdin will continue living a lie, the Genie retreats to his lamp.  Freed by his parrot sidekick Iago, Jafar steals the lamp and becomes the Genie's new master. He uses his first wish to become sultan and his second one to become the world's most powerful sorcerer. Jafar then exposes Aladdin, exiles him and Abu to a frozen wasteland, and tortures the Sultan and Dalia until Jasmine agrees to marry him. The Genie secretly teleports the magic carpet to rescue Aladdin and Abu behind Jafar's back. At the wedding, as Aladdin returns to Agrabah, Jasmine does not want to marry Jafar. She steals the lamp from him and jumps onto the magic carpet. Jafar uses a sand twister to recapture Aladdin and Jasmine and destroy the magic carpet.  As Jafar holds Jasmine, Dalia, and the Sultan under his magic, Aladdin taunts Jafar for being second in power to the Genie, goading him into using his last wish to become "the most powerful being in the universe". Jafar turns into a genie and becomes trapped inside his own lamp, dragging Iago with him, and the Genie banishes them to the Cave of Wonders. Abu rescues the magic carpet and Genie fixes it up. Jasmine, Dalia, and the Sultan are freed from Jafar's magic. The Genie encourages Aladdin to use his third wish to regain his royal title and legally marry Jasmine. Aladdin instead keeps his promise and frees the Genie by using his last wish, allowing him to live as a human. Dalia, the Genie, and the Sultan know that Jasmine loves Aladdin. The Sultan crowns Jasmine the new sultana-regnant, no longer bound to marry a prince, and she and Aladdin marry. The Genie marries Dalia and they start a family and explore the parallel world together, with the Genie becoming the mariner who is telling his children the story about Aladdin in the beginning of the film.
thumb|An illustration of Morrison's Hotel, Dublin from 1821. Albert Nobbs is a butler at the Morrison Hotel in late-19th-century Dublin, Ireland; his boss is Mrs. Baker. Although born female, Albert has spent the last 30 years living as a man. He has also been secretly saving money to buy a tobacconist shop to gain some measure of freedom and independence.  Recently unemployed Joe Mackins arrives at the hotel and cons his way into a boilerman job. He and a maid there, Helen Dawes, become lovers. Hubert Page, tasked with painting at the hotel, discovers Albert's secret. He reveals to Albert that he is keeping the same secret about himself, living as a man after escaping an abusive husband.  Albert visits Hubert at his home and meets Cathleen, Hubert's wife. Albert tells Hubert the story of his life: born illegitimate and then abandoned, Albert was adopted by a Mrs. Nobbs and educated in a convent before being expelled after his mother died. One night, aged 14 and still living as a girl, Albert was brutally gang-raped and beaten by a group of men. After hearing there was a need for waiters, Albert bought a suit, was interviewed and hired, and began his life with a male identity.  Believing Helen may be the ideal wife to run a shop with, Albert asks her out on a date. She refuses, but Joe, believing that Albert will give Helen money that could help the pair emigrate to America, encourages her to lead Albert on. She agrees to this approach, allowing Albert to buy her gifts. Helen is uncomfortable with Albert and the arrangement that Joe has persuaded her to make. Albert also tells Helen about his plan to buy a shop.  Helen eventually discovers she is pregnant with Joe's child. Joe is terrified, fearing he will become like his abusive father. Meanwhile, Albert goes to Hubert's home one day and learns that Cathleen has died, leaving Hubert devastated. Albert and Hubert put on dresses made by Cathleen. Though both at first are extremely uncomfortable, they eventually spend a fun day together dressed as women. A stumble and fall by Albert on the beach brings them back to reality. The pair return to Hubert's, change back into their men's clothing, and go back to their lives as before.  Back at the hotel, Albert learns Helen is pregnant and offers to marry her. She refuses, saying Albert does not love her, though Albert voices a fear that Joe will leave by himself for America and not take her and the child. Later that evening, Joe and Helen get into a loud fight after Joe reveals he is indeed going to America alone. Albert attacks Joe when he gets physical with Helen, and Joe throws Albert against a wall, giving him a head injury. Albert retires to bed, forgotten in the commotion, bleeding from one ear. Helen angrily tells Joe she no longer wants to be with him anyway, and he leaves. Helen finds Albert dead in his bed the next morning.  Helen eventually gives birth to a son, Albert Joseph. It's implied Mrs. Baker found Albert's savings, and hires Hubert again to make improvements to the hotel. When Helen sees Hubert, she breaks down and reveals she earns nothing working for Mrs. Baker, but if she objects she will be separated from her son and thrown out into the street. Hubert looks knowingly at her and says, "We can't let that happen, can we?"
Reagan Willis (Siena Agudong) is excited about her try for the girls soccer club the Crush, the number one girls' soccer club in the state and 3-time Diamond Cup champion.  However, her parents are preoccupied by recruiting visits for their son Logan, who is a star on his high school football team. On her way to the tryout, her bike chain breaks, causing her to be late. She tells the coach she plays striker, the position of nemesis and her coach's favorite Claire, who is paid by her father for every goal she scores.  After being cut from the team, Reagan calls a number of clubs, but all spots have been filled. While tearing down a poster of her favorite player Alex Morgan, she falls off a chair and hits her head. When she comes to, she sees Alex Morgan in her room but thinks it is just a hallucination caused by the fall. She accepts she is the only one that sees Alex and they begin to train together.  Her crush Ben tells her there may be a spot on a team called the Breakaways, a poorly played club formed by players who were rejected from Crush and is led by Nigel. At the tryout she discovers the team illegally practices on a field owned by the city, and that Lexi, their goalkeeper, is allergic to grass. Reagan makes the team and becomes their best player.  The city finds out about the practices and they are forced to move to a vacant lot across the street from Reagan's house. Their coach is replaced by Reagan's father after the girls find out he is not British and has no experience coaching soccer.  The Breakaways begin to improve and win games, trying to finish in the top 4 in their league in order to play in the Diamond Cup, a tournament of the best clubs in the state. Claire finds out the Breakaways qualified for the Diamond Cup and confronts Reagan, threatening to have her father buy the vacant lot where they practice. While Claire tries to tear down the Breakaways banner, Reagan hits her head. When she wakes up, she no longer sees Alex Morgan.  Reagan's team makes it to the Diamond Cup finals against the Crush. The game is played on the field where the US Women's soccer team practices. However, the Breakaways struggle in the 1st half, conceding 2 goals to the Crush. Before the 2nd half, Reagan inspires her teammates to prove everyone that they are champions and not the players who were rejected by Crush, regardless if they win or lose. With the help of Reagan, the Breakaways begin to tie the game 2-2. As Alex Morgan and other members of the national team look on, Reagan scores the winning goal in the final seconds, beating the Crush 3-2 in an upset and winning their 1st Diamond Cup title. Claire and her father leave in defeat.  After the game, Reagan meets her hero Alex Morgan and asks her for a favor. Alex makes an appearance at a fundraiser to help the Breakaways raise money to purchase the empty lot where they practice.
Dr. Alex Cross is called by the mayor of Detroit, the city where he lives with his family and works as a police lieutenant and psychologist. Disturbed by the murder of Yau, Cross pledges to bring the perpetrator to justice and heads the investigation. As he works, the evidence points to a mysterious man known only as Yau, the same man who recently won the underground fight. Cross begins to track down his prey and discovers the Tiger is a notorious serial killer with ambitious plans to dominate world organized crime. He also learns that the killer is targeting Maria, who is now pregnant. Torn between his commitment to justice and his love for his family, Cross decides to accept an offer from the FBI to become a profiler in Washington, D.C., in order to protect Maria and save the world from Yau. But Cross is unable to escape his past, and soon finds himself in a race against time to stop Yau and save his family and the country.  At the crime scene, Cross and Kane arrive at the CEO's home, attempting to stop him, but they are too late and discover both the CEO and his family dead. The duo finds a painting of a naked woman left behind by Picasso as a memento. After a lengthy organized search for Picasso, the police manage to track him down in a hotel, where Cross and Kane confront him. A gunfight ensues and the police finally manage to capture Picasso, thwarting his plans and saving the city. At the trial, Cross testifies as a witness to bring Picasso to justice without mercy. With the help of Dr. Erich Nunemacher's expert assessment, Picasso is ultimately convicted of multiple murder charges, sentenced to life imprisonment with no possibility of parole. The aftermath of his crime spree caused public fear in the city, but with Cross and Kane's brave efforts, soon the city's residents felt safe again.  Picasso had a plan to kill Nunemacher, but Cross and Kane foiled it. Furious, Picasso plotted his revenge and decided to attack Cross and Kane's colleague, Monica Ashe. He tracked her down and tortured her to death, devastating Cross and Kane. He then set his sights on Cross himself, and tracked him down while he was on a date with Maria. With no mercy, Picasso killed her with a sniper rifle, leaving Cross a broken man. Filled with hatred and vengeance, Picasso had gained his revenge.  At a conference where renowned art investigator Nunemacher and Maria Mercier, a woman who worked closely with Picasso in his criminal activities, were speaking, Picasso suddenly appeared with a gun. He coldly aimed it at the pair and fired, killing Nunemacher and seemingly Mercier. Detective Cross was deeply disturbed upon hearing the news. He had previously come close to apprehending Picasso but he had managed to escape. Now Cross was determined to bring Picasso to justice and he and his partner Kane began tracking Picasso to his hideout, which turned out to be an abandoned Michigan Theater. Upon arriving, Cross and Kane knew they had to act fast and they tracked Picasso to the top of the theater. Picasso had become aware of Cross and Kane's presence and the showdown began. Cross and Picasso fought, exchanging punches and kicks and eventually they were thrust through the weak and crumbling ceiling of the theater. Cross emerged victorious when he managed to kick Picasso off the beam they were standing on and down into the depths of the theater, killing him. After avenging Maria's death, Cross was helped to safety by Detective Kane and the nightmare of Picasso had finally come to an end.  Alex Cross has finally cracked the case of his nemesis, Jean Mercier. After a long and exhaustive investigation, Cross discovers Mercier's employer: he had stolen money from his clients and needed the help of Yau and Nunemacher to fake the death of the real Mercier and flee to Bali. To finish the job, he had hired a criminal and hired Picasso to eliminate Yau and Nunemacher as well as have a double lest around to pretend to be Mercier. Cross had taken it upon himself to frame Mercier for drug smuggling and Mercier was subsequently arrested and sentenced to death by firing squad in Indonesia. Cross' job was complete: Mercier had been punished for the murder of Maria as well as his other crimes, and Cross finally found peace of mind. Feeling a sense of closure, Cross decides to accept a job offer from the FBI and move with his family to Washington.
High school student Alex Truelove has been friends with Claire for a while. After discovering her mother is being tested for cancer, she and Alex share a moment where Alex comforts her. They kiss and then begin dating. After Alex is embarrassed in front of his friends about still being a virgin, he and Claire make a plan to book a hotel room and have sex for the first time.   At a party, Alex meets Elliot, an openly gay teenager. Alex's continued interactions with Elliot, who has an obvious crush on Alex, lead him to question his sexuality. Alex confesses to his friend Dell that he believes he might be bisexual, but Dell says that he is just nervous about losing his virginity to Claire and his anxiety has led him to a false conclusion. One day while hanging out in Elliot's bedroom, Alex kisses him, but immediately regrets it and storms out.  During the evening of their first time having sex, Alex blurts out to Claire that he has feelings for someone else and she throws him out. Later, still avoiding Elliot, Alex goes to a party where he drunkenly sleeps with a girl he only just met. Claire catches them, and Alex chases her into the night. He falls into a swimming pool where traumatic memories from his childhood come back to him. Claire finds him by the pool, where he confesses to her that he is gay. They decide to go to prom together anyway.  At prom, Claire reveals she has invited Elliot to be Alex's actual date, knowing that neither of them would actually make the move without her "passing the baton". While Alex is initially concerned about everyone watching him, he decides that his affection for Elliot is stronger and kisses him.  The story ends with Alex creating a video with Claire detailing his coming out.
Alex, a young environmental lawyer in Venice, California, is working hard to support her family. Her stay-at-home husband George, an artist, decides he's unhappy and can't continue taking care of their shy school-aged son Dakota or Alex's aging father Roger. When George leaves Alex, Roger invites her wild younger sister Lily, a clothing designer, to stay with them and help look after Dakota.  Alex needs to deal with an impending legal case against Frank, a property developer with whom she has a brief sexual relationship, as well as her father's increasing forgetfulness. Roger, a former television actor who doesn't want to accept his declining acuity, is cast as the aged manservant Firs in a stage production of The Cherry Orchard by Anton Chekhov, but he struggles to remember his lines and cues. He also begins to demonstrate confusion, so his daughters take him to a doctor who gives him a brain scan.  Alex loses the legal case, and at a party afterward she takes the drug ecstasy and becomes furious with Lily when she learns that Lily has not taken Dakota to school for a week. Alex calls George and tells him that it's not safe for her to drive; he finds her high and takes her home. The next day Lily apologizes for letting Dakota skip classes. Alex forgives her and thanks her, and she tells her that George is not coming back to her but that she wants to spend more time with Dakota. George tells Dakota he will continue to be his father but won't stay with Alex. Alex tells Dakota that she and George still love him and that this will never change. Later the family attends Roger's performance, which goes well.
Living in suburban Los Angeles, Alexander Cooper often feels left out by his family: baby brother Trevor; elder siblings Anthony and Emily; and their parents, Kelly and Ben.  Anthony is trying to pass his driving test so he can drive his demanding and sharp-tongued girlfriend, Celia Rodriguez, to the junior prom; Emily is rehearsing for the title role in her Peter Pan school play; Kelly works for a publication company on a new children's book which will get her promoted to vice-president of said company; Ben, who has been unemployed for seven months, has landed an interview for a job as a video game designer.  That morning, Alexander experiences a series of mishaps at school: accidentally setting fire to his crush Becky Gibson's notebook; his classmate Elliot sends a humiliating photoshopped image of him to the whole school; and he finds out that his friends – including Becky, and even his best friend Paul – will all be attending Philip Parker's 12th birthday party, instead of Alexander's the next day, due to Philip's expensive party entertainment and popularity. When he tries to tell his family about his bad day however, nobody is very sympathetic due to being focused on the good things happening to them. That night, Alexander puts a candle on a homemade birthday sundae, wishing that everyone in his family could relate to what he is going through.  The next morning, Alexander wakes up to find the rest of his family in chaotic disarray: his parents have overslept; Emily has a cold from rehearsing in the car; Celia has broken up with Anthony, due to her overhearing and misinterpreting a conversation between him and Alexander the night before. Anthony also wakes up to find a giant zit on his forehead. Kelly's car is dead, due to Emily having left the light on the previous night, draining the battery. Ben has to take Trevor with him to the interview, after dropping Kelly off at work. At school, Alexander learns that Philip's birthday party has been canceled because Philip has come down with chickenpox; Becky and Paul, along with all the other kids who had originally planned to attend Philip's party, will attend Alexander's instead.  Delighted, Alexander tells his father about Philip and that Elliot had gotten busted for texting the school the photos of Alexander. He then excitedly asks his father Ben to plan a party for him. Meanwhile, Kelly is informed of an embarrassing typo in the book they are publicizing ("dump" instead of "jump"); she attempts to prevent Dick Van Dyke from reading it at a public event they have scheduled. Ben takes Trevor along to his interview; his prospective boss, Greg, seems impressed by Ben's credentials. However, they decide to hold another meeting, after Trevor ingests a non-toxic highlighter. Back at school, Anthony reconciles with Celia. He jumps up in excitement, but accidentally hits a banner which is attached to two trophy cases, causing them to come crashing down, leading to him being sent to the principal's office and getting suspended.  Kelly arrives at Dick Van Dyke's reading too late to warn him about the book's typo. He then reads the inappropriate material, humiliating himself, shocking the audience, and almost getting Kelly arrested. Meanwhile, Ben purchases cough syrup for Emily en route to the DMV; there, Anthony's driving examiner, Ms. Suggs, cruelly tricks him into taking his eyes off the road by using sarcasm to persuade him to answer his cell phone. This causes Anthony to destroy several parking meters, damage the family minivan; he consequently fails his driving test. As the entire family bemoans their collective misfortunes, Alexander cuts in and admits his birthday wish to them. He apologizes for making everyone suffer the day they've had. Ben disagrees since the day is not ruined, because it isn't over yet. Right then and there, the whole family resolves to stay as positive as they can.  All of Alexander's friends turn up for his birthday, including Becky. Emily ruined the play due to the side effects of having too much cough syrup but improvises anyway. Anthony decides to ditch prom and, despite her beauty and popularity, breaks up with Celia after she carelessly insults his family. Ben and Kelly both get phone calls, Ben learned he got the job and Kelly is told that Dick Van Dyke's reading of the book went viral, and that the book became a bestseller. Ben and Kelly look outside and see that their kids are enjoying themselves. The family came with a cake for Alexander, and he makes a wish that there be more days like this one.
For three years, Alice Kingsleigh has been following her father's footsteps and sailing the high seas. Returning to London from China, she learns that her ex-fiancé, Hamish Ascot, has taken over his deceased father's company and plans to have Alice sign over her father's ship in exchange for her family home. Alice follows a butterfly she recognizes as Absolem, who was previously a caterpillar, and returns to Wonderland through a mirror. Alice is greeted by the White Queen, the White Rabbit, the Tweedles, the Dormouse, the March Hare, the Bloodhound and the Cheshire Cat. They reveal that the Mad Hatter is acting madder than usual because his family is missing.  Alice tries to console him, but he remains certain that his family survived the attack of the Jabberwocky. Seeing it as the only way to restore his health, The White Queen sends Alice to consult Time and convince him to save the Hatter's family in the past. The Queen warns Alice that history will be destroyed if a person's past and present selves meet. In Time's Castle of Eternity lies the Chronosphere, an object that controls all of time in Wonderland. After Time tells Alice that altering the past is impossible, she steals the Chronosphere and travels back in time, shortly after finding the exiled Red Queen in Time's care. The Red Queen orders Time to pursue Alice, who accidentally travels to the Red Queen's coronation. There, a younger Mad Hatter mocks the Red Queen when the royal crown does not fit her abnormal head, and her crown breaks. When her father deems her unfit to rule and passes the title of queen to her younger sister, the White Queen, the Red Queen throws a tantrum that causes her head to swell.  Alice learns of an event in both the Queens' pasts that causes friction between the two and travels back in time again, hoping to change the Red Queen's character and stop the Jabberwocky from killing the Hatter's family. The young White Queen steals a tart from her mother and leaves the crumbs under her sister's bed. When confronted by their mother, she lies and lets her sister take the blame, causing the red princess to run out of the castle. Alice sees her about to run into a clock being carried across the square; believing this to be the event that changes her head, she shoves the clock out of the way. However, the red princess still falls and hits her head. Alice is confronted by a weakened Time, who berates her for putting all of time in danger. She runs into a nearby mirror back into the real world, where she wakes up in a mental hospital, diagnosed with female hysteria. With the help of her mother, she returns to Wonderland, travels to the Jabberwocky attack and discovers that the Hatter's family did not die, but were captured by the Red Queen's Red Knights.  Returning to the present, Alice discovers the Mad Hatter at the brink of death. After Alice tearfully says she believes him, the Hatter awakens and reforms back to his normal self. The Wonderlanders go to the Red Queen's castle and find the Hatter's family shrunk and trapped in an ant farm. The Red Queen apprehends them and steals the Chronosphere from Alice, taking her sister back to the day she lied about the tart to hide behind a door and listen to the scene. The White Queen whispers 'no' as her younger self denies stealing the tart and the Red Queen is so furious she bursts through the door and screams 'liar' at the White princess. The red princess sees the Red Queen, creating a time paradox, and first their faces and bodies rust before all of Wonderland rusts.   Using the Chronosphere, Alice and the Hatter race back to the present, where Alice runs for her life to place the Chronosphere back in its original place. Initially the rust outruns her but she is stopped with her hand just above the stand - sparks make the connection and the rust dissolves. The Mad Hatter reunites with his family, while the White Queen apologizes to her sister for lying. Alice bids her friends farewell and returns to the real world where her mother refuses to turn Alice's ship over to Hamish, and the two set to travel the world on behalf of their own company.
Twenty-year-old Alice Lewis is turning 21, and is upset about it. Her sorors want to cheer her up and decide to hold a birthday party with an Alice in Wonderland theme at Charlene Glass's house. Alice knows that in the basement of that house, her mother, Ann Lewis, was brutally hacked to death by a masked killer 20 years before. The girls set a rule that no cell phones and no boys will be allowed.  Everyone comes dressed as their favorite character from the film. Someone who was not invited comes as the Jabberwocky (a fierce creature from the book) and brings mayhem to the girls' night, as he starts murdering them one by one while the party is taking place.
In 1868, 19-year-old Alice Kingsleigh, having mourned the recent loss of her father, is troubled by strange recurring dreams and the stifling expectations of the society in which she lives. After receiving an unwanted marriage proposal from Hamish Ascot at his father's garden party, Alice spots a familiar white rabbit wearing a waistcoat and carrying a pocket watch. She follows it to a rabbit hole and accidentally falls in.  She shrinks after drinking from a bottle labeled 'Drink Me' (called a Pishsalver), meaning she cannot reach a key on a table, and then eats a cake labeled 'Eat Me' (called an Upelkuchen), transforming into a giantess. After drinking from the bottle again to fit through a tiny door, she enters the forest of a fantastical place called Underland. There, she is greeted by the White Rabbit, a Dormouse, a Dodo, Talking Flowers, and identical twins Tweedledum and Tweedledee, who all apparently know her.  Alice asserts that she is dreaming, but learns from Absolem the Caterpillar that she is destined to slay the Jabberwocky and end the tyranny of the Red Queen. The group is ambushed by the ravenous Bandersnatch and the Red Queen's knights, led by the Knave of Hearts. All are captured except Alice, who escapes, and the Dormouse, who takes one of the Bandersnatch's eyes. The Knave informs the Red Queen of Alice's return, and is ordered to find her immediately.  The Cheshire Cat guides Alice to the Mad Hatter, March Hare, and Dormouse's tea party. The Red Knights and the Knave of Hearts disrupt the party, but Alice manages to hide in a teapot. The Hatter then takes her to a safe place. The Hatter explains that the Red Queen took over Underland, usurping her sister the White Queen. While in the woods, the Red Knights find the two, but the Hatter gives himself up so that Alice can escape. She is found by the Knave's Bloodhound, named Bayard, who is allied with the resistance. He takes Alice to the Red Queen's castle, where she accidentally outgrows her clothes after eating another Upelkuchen.  Infiltrating the palace as a courtier named "Um", Alice learns that the vorpal sword, the only weapon capable of killing the Jabberwocky, is locked inside the Bandersnatch's den. The knave makes advances to Alice, which she rebuffs, but the jealous Red Queen orders her beheading. Alice obtains the sword and returns the Bandersnatch's eye. He gratefully helps her escape the castle and delivers her to the White Queen, who gives Alice a potion that returns her normal size. The Cheshire Cat uses his shapeshifting powers to free the Mad Hatter, who incites rebellion amongst the Red Queen's subjects. Meanwhile, Absolem, who is turning into a pupa, finally gets Alice to remember that she visited Underland when she was a little girl, and called it "Wonderland". Just before his chrysalis closes, he advises her to fight the Jabberwocky.   The Queens gather their armies on a chessboard-like battlefield and send Alice and the Jabberwocky to decide the battle in single combat. Alice beheads the Jabberwocky with the vorpal sword, and the red knights gratefully turn against their ruler. The White Queen banishes her sister and the Knave into exile together, then gives Alice a vial of the Jabberwocky's purple blood, which can fulfill one wish. Alice says farewell to her friends, then wishes to return home.  Alice awakens and escapes the rabbit hole, dirty and scratched from her fall. When she returns to the gazebo at the garden party, she refuses Hamish's proposal and impresses Lord Ascot with her idea of establishing trade routes to Hong Kong, inspiring him to take her on as his apprentice. As Alice prepares to set off on a trading ship, Absolem, in his new butterfly form, lands on her shoulder.
In flash-forward, a figure grabs a camera, revealing a murky corridor with audible human screams. The figure puts the camera in a disposal chute, which opens into space in Earth orbit. The camera falls to Earth where it is later recovered by the U.S. Air Force. Information on-screen then reveals the footage about to be screened is being used as part of Project Blue Book.  Riley Morris, an autistic boy, keeps a video journal while on a family camping trip in Brown Mountain, North Carolina with his father Peter, his mother Katie and his siblings Corey and Jillian. On the last night of their trip, Riley is startled by flashes of light outside of the tent. The children see lights in the sky that promptly vanish.  Driving home the next morning, they are sidetracked when their GPS mysteriously misdirects them to an isolated route. They lose their cellphone signals and the car runs low on gas. A crow unexpectedly falls besides the car, dead.  They reach a tunnel and see it is blocked with recently-abandoned vehicles. Peter, Corey and Riley leave their car to investigate while Katie stays behind with Jillian. Personal belongings are scattered around some of the cars and it appears the missing occupants were forcefully removed from their vehicles. Peter sees a humanoid silhouette at the end of the tunnel and calls out. Upon realizing the approaching figure is not human, Peter tells the boys to run. He is engulfed in light and convulses before disappearing.  The boys reunite with Katie and Jillian. A murder of crows falls on their car, which shuts down. They hear a blaring sound and flee to a cabin they passed earlier. The cabin's owner, Sean, is a rustic recluse who is initially hostile towards the family. He changes his mind when he hears his guard dog being attacked by something that followed them from the tunnel. Sean and the family barricade themselves for the evening. Sean says that the Brown Mountain Lights and abductions have been a local recurrence for centuries. Upon hearing a radio message from his missing brother, Sean leaves.  The cabin is eventually breached and in an effort to save his family, Corey hides the others in the cellar, blocking the door. Alien beings enter and abduct him. The remaining members of the family are soon saved by a returned Sean who takes them to his truck, planning to take them back to town down the mountain. The aliens find them and Sean tells them to head to a nearby barn and take refuge. Sean catches up with them and the group attempt to leave the barn. Katie and Sean are then abducted. Riley and Jillian take refuge deep in the woods for the night, with the aliens closeby.  Climbing down the mountain at dawn, they see a town in the valley below and soon find a road. Hopes are dashed when it leads back to the tunnel where their father was abducted. Jillian collapses in despair, at the same moment a police car arrives. The aliens arrive and abduct the policeman, Jillian, and Riley, who is still clinging to the camera. The remaining footage shows a rapid ascension into orbit, before cutting to the footage from the beginning of the film. Two men in respirators and Hazmat suits are seen taking the camera away in a U.S. Air Force van.  In a mid-credits scene, one year later a North Carolina state trooper finds Peter huddled on a bridge, naked, dishevelled and in a state of shock. The fate of the rest of the family is uncertain, though comments made by the police officer on his radio suggest that Peter is not the only member of the family to have been found.
The abusive, drunk owner of a small-town junkyard is killed by his mother in law just before an alien crash-lands in the middle of it. In order to collect their insurance money, the family has to recover his body, so they offer a cash prize for recovery of the body and put out local ads. Soon, the junkyard is a warzone, as every local wingnut turns up with a weapon to fight the alien invader.
In 2011, a group of soldiers and a  journalist team head out to the jungles of Belize. The mission was thought to just be plant surveillance on hostile state borders. The soldiers and Julie Evans team locate an abandoned boat in the middle of an open field.  One of the soldiers advises Julie that the nearest ocean to where they found the boat is at least 150 miles. A camera with an intact SD card was retrieved from the boat. Footage from the SD card contained underwater footage and ended with a man screaming  as the screen fades to black.  Afterwards, the team decides to make camp and set up security cameras. Night vision cameras show various animals roaming around. One of the cameras suddenly blacks out. At dawn, the soldiers find markings on trees near Julie's sleeping area. They soon discover that a camera - the one that blacked out earlier, was destroyed.  The group soon receives new orders from base. An archaeological team has gone missing. And they are to head to the area where Dr. Holden's archaeological team was last seen. They soon run into a man cutting wood and asks him about the missing archaeological team. He claims to have no idea where they are.  The group arrives at Holden's camp site. They only find a man who claims to also be looking for Holden. A video diary belonging to Holden is then shown. It's shown in the video that Holden located a mysterious skull inside the cave. Afterwards, a strange sound is heard and the camera woman Susan runs outside the cave panicking.  Julie is then informed that one of the two missing archaeologist has been found and they head to the location. On their way they encounter a Mennonite community. The Mennonites then proceed to show them to where Susan is. Susan claims she knows where Holden is and will take them to where she last saw him. Susan explains that what attacked them was not human. It is then that they experience a strange trembling and Susan claims that it is the same thing that happened to them.  The group runs and the camera captures what seems to be an alien spacecraft. They enter the spacecraft and Susan guides them inside to look for Holden. While looking for Holden, Susan activates a security alarm by grabbing an artifact that was on display. The group makes another escape and an explosion occurs where the spacecraft was located.  The cave where the archaeologists found the skull is found by the group. They soon enter and explore the cave. Soon, they are attacked. It is then that they locate Holden. Moving further into the jungle, the group receives more attacks from an unseen enemy. Enemy attacks continue until the following morning. Everyone is killed one by one and a last shot shows an unknown entity killing the last soldier.  An epilogue is shown where Susan claims that the skull they found shows that it's 70% human. That the alien is human kind's ancestor. Dr. Holden and Julie Evans are both officially listed as "Missing In Action".
In a prologue, business magnate Peter Weyland speaks with his newly-activated android in a lakeside apartment. The android chooses the name "David" for himself after observing Michelangelo's statue. Weyland states that one day they will search for mankind's creator together. David comments on his unlimited lifespan as compared to Weyland's, which unsettles Weyland.  In 2104 AD, 11 years after the Prometheus expedition, the colonization ship Covenant is seven years from reaching planet Origae-6 with 2,000 colonists in stasis and 1,140 human embryos in cold storage. The ship is monitored by Walter, an advanced android model that physically resembles David. When a neutrino burst damages the ship, Walter reanimates the human crewmates. The ship's captain, Jake Branson, is incinerated when his stasis pod malfunctions. While repairing the ship, the crew picks up a transmission of a human voice from a nearby planet which appears eminently more habitable than Origae-6. Despite the protests of Daniels, Branson's widow, that this new "perfect" planet is too good to be true, the new captain, Christopher Oram, decides they will investigate.  With pilot Tennessee maintaining Covenant in orbit, his wife Faris flies a lander to the planet's surface, where an expedition team tracks the transmission's signal to a crashed alien ship. Crewmembers Ledward and Hallett are infected by spores from fungus-like organisms. Oram's wife, Karine, helps the rapidly deteriorating Ledward back to the lander, where Faris quarantines both inside the med-bay. A small pale alien creature (neomorph) bursts from Ledward's back, killing him, and mauls Karine to death. Faris tries to kill the creature with a shotgun but triggers an explosion that kills her and destroys the lander. Nearby in the fields, another neomorph bursts from Hallett's mouth, killing him. The creatures attack the remaining crew, killing crew member Ankor. The remaining crew kills one neomorph before David, who survived the Prometheus mission, appears and scares off the other.  David leads the crew to a temple in a city full of dead humanoids. He tells them that, upon his and fellow Prometheus survivor Elizabeth Shaw's arrival at the planet, their ship accidentally released a pathogen that annihilated all fauna on the planet and that Shaw perished when the ship crashed. Attempts to radio the Covenant are prevented by ion storms. When the remaining neomorph infiltrates the temple and kills crewmember Rosenthal, David tries to communicate with it and is incensed when Oram shoots it dead. Oram questions David, who reveals the aliens are a result of his releasing and experimenting with the pathogen to produce new lifeforms, before tricking Oram into being attacked by a facehugger. A new form of creature, the protomorph, later erupts from Oram's chest, killing him.  As the others search for Oram and Rosenthal, Walter finds Shaw's dissected corpse, used by David as material for his evolving creature designs. David states that humanity is a dying and unworthy species and that his designed creature is a "perfect organism" that will eradicate them. When Walter disagrees, David incapacitates him and threatens Daniels. Walter heals himself and engages David, allowing Daniels to escape.  Elsewhere, another facehugger attacks security chief Dan Lope. Crewmember Cole quickly cuts it off, leaving Lope with acid burns on his face. The now fully grown protomorph kills Cole, while Lope escapes and meets up with Daniels. Tennessee arrives in a lander to extract Daniels, Lope and Walter, who says David has "expired". They kill the attacking protomorph and return to the Covenant.  The next morning, Daniels and Tennessee discover another protomorph has burst from Lope's chest, killing him, and is loose on the Covenant. It matures and kills crewmembers Ricks and Upworth while they are in the shower having sex, with loud music preventing them from hearing the alarm and warning on the PA system. Daniels and Tennessee lure the creature into Covenants terraforming bay and eject it into space.  Covenant resumes its voyage to Origae-6. As Walter puts Daniels in stasis, she realizes he is actually David but is unable to escape from her pod before falling asleep. David regurgitates two facehugger embryos, which he places in cold storage with the human embryos, and inspects the colonists. Posing as Walter, he sends a transmission in which he says all crewmembers except Daniels and Tennessee were killed by the earlier solar-flare incident.
In 2563, 300 years after Earth was devastated by a catastrophic war known as "The Fall", scientist Dr. Dyson Ido discovers a disembodied female cyborg with an intact human brain while scavenging for parts in the massive scrapyard of Iron City. Ido attaches a new cyborg body to the brain and names her "Alita" after his deceased daughter. Alita wakes with no memory of her past and quickly befriends Hugo, a young man who dreams of moving to the wealthy sky city of Zalem. She also meets Dr. Chiren, Ido's estranged ex-wife. Hugo later introduces Alita to Motorball, a Rollerball-like racing sport played by cyborg gladiators. Secretly, Hugo robs cyborgs of their parts for Vector, owner of the Motorball tournament and the 'de facto' ruler of the Factory, Iron City's governing authority.  One night, Alita follows Ido. They are ambushed by a gang of cyborg serial killers led by Grewishka. Ido is injured and Alita instinctively fights using "Panzer-Kunst", a lost combat art for machine bodies. She kills two of the cyborgs and damages Grewishka who retreats. Ido reveals that he is a Hunter-Warrior, a bounty hunter hired by the Factory. Grewishka goes to Dr. Chiren, who is working for Vector, for help. Despite Alita believing that fighting will help her rediscover her past, Ido discourages her from becoming a Hunter-Warrior. Alita finds a highly advanced cyborg body in a crashed spaceship outside the city. Recognizing that the body belonged to a Berserker —deadly shock troops of the enemy nation United Republic of Mars (URM) from the Fall, of which Alita was a member— Ido refuses to install Alita in it.  Frustrated, Alita registers herself as a Hunter-Warrior. At the Kansas Bar, she and Hugo are unable to recruit other Hunter-Warriors to help her take down Grewishka. Zapan, a cyborg Hunter-Warrior bully, provokes Alita and she severely beats him in a fight, triggering a chaotic bar brawl until Ido arrives to intervene. Suddenly, an upgraded Grewishka appears and challenges Alita to a duel, revealing that he has been sent by Zalem's technocrat overlord, Nova, to destroy her. Despite her combat skills, Alita's body is damaged by Grewishka, before Ido, Hugo, and Hunter-Warrior dogmaster McTeague arrive and force Grewishka to retreat. Ido apologizes and transplants Alita into the Berserker body.  Having fallen in love with Hugo, Alita enters a Motorball tryout race for the prize money to send Hugo to Zalem. Hugo's relationship with Alita leads him to decide to quit his criminal job. He confronts his partner Tanji, but Zapan appears, kills Tanji and frames Hugo for the murder of another cyborg. Hugo narrowly escapes and calls Alita for help; she abandons the race and finds him just as Zapan does. Zapan mortally wounds Hugo. Dr. Chiren, having changed her mind about working for Vector, offers to help save Hugo by attaching his severed head to Alita's life support system. When Zapan sees through the trick and attempts to stop Alita, she seizes his prized Damascus blade and disfigures him.  Ido transplants Hugo's head onto a cyborg body and tells Alita that Vector's offer to help Hugo reach Zalem was a lie; as an exiled citizen of Zalem, Ido is certain that citizens of Iron City cannot enter Zalem without becoming a motorball champion. Alita storms the Factory and confronts Vector, who reveals that Chiren has been harvested for her organs. Vector summons Grewishka, but Alita's new nanotech body allows her to easily destroy him. She forces Nova to speak to her through Vector. When Nova threatens to harm her friends, Alita fatally impales Vector.  Ido contacts and tells Alita that Hugo has fled to climb a cargo tube towards Zalem. Alita catches up to him and pleads with him to return with her. He eventually agrees, but a serrated defense ring dropped by Nova shreds his body and throws him off the tube. Alita catches him but cannot pull him up. Hugo thanks Alita for saving him before falling to his death.  Months later, Alita is a rising superstar in the Motorball tournament. Cheered on by the crowd, she pledges vengeance by pointing her plasma-charged sword toward Zalem, where Nova watches from above, smirking.
In 1984, young Deborah Tennis is electrocuted by a microphone during a stage performance at the Victoria Theatre in San Francisco, which her family owns and operates, but she miraculously survives.  Sixteen years later, the introverted Deborah works as a librarian, and operates her family's now-decrepit theater, which primarily holds revival screenings of exploitation and horror films. With her father deceased, Deborah is under the thumb of her abusive mother, Tammy. When Tammy confronts her one night about selling the theater, Deborah flies into an unexpected rage and brutally stabs her to death in the lobby, just as a screening is about to begin. In a panic, Deborah rushes to the projection booth to start the film, but inadvertently screens security footage showing the murder she just committed. The patrons of the theater — among them, teenage film buff Steven Thompson — assume the footage to be a short film screened before the main feature, and are impressed by it.  Mr. Twigs, a longtime projectionist at the theater who despised Tammy, helps Deborah hide Tammy's corpse in the theater's attic. The unhinged Deborah commits a second murder with the help of Mr. Twigs, this time of a theatergoer named Veronica, and films the act; in the footage, Deborah acts as a Victorian queen, while she and Mr. Twigs cut off Veronica's breasts with a guillotine. They screen the footage as a short film before another main feature, and it shocks the audience. Soon, the Victoria's graphic short films attract a cult following, among them Steven, whose mother Linda begins to worry about her son's fascination with violent films. Steven becomes infatuated with Deborah, heralding her as a pioneering female horror director.  Meanwhile, in order to generate new material, Deborah and Mr. Twigs pose as family members of Veda and Vera, two sociopathic twin sisters who are about to be released from a child psychiatric hospital for murdering their parents years prior, and manage to take the girls under their wing. Deborah encounters a violent vagrant, Adrian, on the street, and also recruits him to assist them in making new films. Under Deborah's direction, the group ambush Deborah's librarian co-worker, Evelyn, as she is closing up the local library. The group film as Deborah stitches Evelyn's mouth shut and lock her, still alive, in the theater attic.  Evelyn's torture footage, dubbed The Maiming of the Shrew, is shown at a subsequent screening, attended by Steven, who is accompanied by his popular classmate, Claire Cavanaugh. During the show, Deborah stabs Claire to death in the bathroom and films it with the help of Veda and Vera. Meanwhile, Evelyn manages to tear open the sutures in her lips, and begins screaming for help from the theater attic, only to be beheaded by Mr. Twigs. Steven discovers Claire is missing, but assumes she left the theater of her own accord.  When Steven is accused of causing Claire's disappearance, he becomes suspicious of Deborah and the goings-on at the Victoria. Steven's friend, Judy, visits the theater to interview Deborah for their school newspaper, but attempts to leave after finding Claire's bloody cell phone. She is accosted by Deborah, Veda, Vera, Adrian, and Mr. Twigs, is bound and gagged, and locked in the attic. Steven suspects that Deborah has caused Judy's disappearance, but police dismiss his claims when Deborah accuses him of being an obsessed fan. Deborah taunts Steven by informing him that she is shooting her debut feature film, which she has "just started casting."  Steven attends Deborah's premiere along with numerous fans, and finds that his mother has also decided to attend. Veda and Vera serve the patrons cups of punch laced with cyanide, planning to hold a toast during the screening in which the entire audience will ingest the poison and die, an event to be filmed by Mr. Twigs. Steven botches the mass-poisoning by warning the others, before Deborah proceeds to screen her film, Gore and Peace, in which she attempts to murder Judy in real-time footage backstage. Steven manages to save Judy as the theater erupts into a melee when the guests find they have been locked inside. Adrian is killed when Evelyn's corpse falls on him from the attic, and one of Steven's classmates, Lolita, stabs Mr. Twigs to death while Veda and Vera attempt to start a fire to incinerate everyone inside, though the guests manage to escape unharmed. Meanwhile, Deborah kidnaps Linda at knifepoint and brings her to the theater's roof, where Steven confronts her. Deborah begins to describe her plan of killing Linda as the "finale of her movie" where the "audience roots for the killer", only for Steven to shut her up by criticizing Deborah harshly, calling her a disgrace to her father, a hack director, and a bad actress. Steven's words immediately destroy Deborah's ego and causes her to break down into tears, allowing Linda to wrangle the knife from Deborah and stab her in the throat, before Steven pushes Deborah off the building to her death.  Outside, as police enclose the building, Veda and Vera exit, both brandishing knives. Instead of surrendering, the twins viciously stab each other to death. When the news talks to Steven about Deborah's films and the possibility of her actions becoming a film, Steven expresses his doubts that will happen, commenting that if it were, Deborah would rise from the dead by now. Steven then leaves with his mother and Judy, passing by Deborah's corpse as they depart down the street.
Stand-up comedian Nina Geld is all good on stage but has bad personal life. Her life takes a turn when she meets a nice and charming man, Rafe.
In 1986, three best friend are planning their future. They return a "lost" cat to the neighbor lady for a $40 reward which they had stolen. Fast forward thirty years and find Vince is living on Chris's couch. He is selling vacuum cleaners door to door and must just quit.  Chris works at a car repair garage.  His wife comes to the shop and demands that he signs the divorce papers. He tells her he will sign if her rich sugar daddy boyfriend pays him. He quits his job. Kurt works for his rich wife's father and is freaked out over a big presentation. He blows the presentation, is fired and has a nervous breakdown.  All three friends are jobless. Vince sees a newspaper article offering a $25 million reward for the capture of a drug lord. Using Kurt's wife's credit card, they buy first class tickets to South America. They land in Colombia thinking it’s Mexico. Kurt likes the cocaine drug life but is captured by Diego who wants to kill the gringo. Cartel boss Garcia likes Kurt's money saving ideas on drug distribution through Canada. Kurt falls for Garcia's daughter, Maria.  Chris and Vince have to find a way to rescue Kurt and capture Garcia for the reward money. They find a crazy burnt out American special ops soldier to train them in guerrilla war tactics. John Waters dresses in his underwear and just seems never to die.  The Colombian Army is planning an assault on the Garcia mansion at the same time as Waters and his two trained Americans are ready. An assault commences on the complex with lots of explosions, gun fire, and killings. Kurt escapes, Maria is killed and the drug lord is captured.  There is a television news account of the Colombia cartel raid with the result of a new cartel leader named Kurt Pomeroy. His two friends surround him with many beautiful women. They hear of an American reward for an Afghanistan terrorist and the stage is set for a sequel.
The film opens with Mäddy Killian (Caitlin Stasey) recording footage of her childhood friend Alexis (Felisha Cooper) as she prepares for the final days of school before summer break and for cheerleading practice. She discusses how important it is to remain fit and how dangerous cheerleading can be, pointing out how easy it is for some of the more advanced cheerleader moves to end with severe or deadly injuries. This proves to be the case when Alexis is thrown into the air and her teammates fail to catch her in time, resulting in her death.  Once school resumes Mäddy decides that she will try out for the cheerleading team and manages to impress the entire team with her acrobatic skills. After being accepted, Mäddy notes that Tracy (Brooke Butler) has begun dating Terry (Tom Williamson), a star football player who had been dating Alexis prior to her death. She begins to get along with the other cheerleaders, the overly religious and prissy Martha (Reanin Johannink) and her shy sister Hanna (Amanda Grace Cooper), who serves as the cheerleading mascot. This provokes Mäddy's ex-girlfriend Leena (Sianoa Smit-McPhee), who can't understand why Mäddy would want to hang out with the cheerleaders. Unbeknownst to everyone else, Mäddy has actually joined the cheerleading squad to take revenge on Terry for as yet unspecified reasons.  Mäddy begins taking her revenge by convincing Tracy that Terry had cheated on her during the summer and even manages to successfully seduce her at a group gathering of cheerleaders and football players. This greatly hurts Leena (who had been watching the gathering from afar) and angers Terry, who starts a fight, and bans the "dogs" (football players) from dating the "bitches" (cheerleaders).  He then punches Tracy in a fit of anger. The cheerleaders all try to escape the raging football players, only for Terry to cause an accident that claims the lives of all of the cheerleaders. Horrified at what she's seen, Leena manages to revive all of the dead cheerleaders using Wicca magic and magic stones. The following day the girls are all disoriented and scared, especially Martha and Hanna, as they have also somehow swapped bodies.  None of them recollect exactly what happened until Leena reveals to them what occurred the night before. They're also very hungry, which prompts them to attack one of Leena's neighbors and suck out all of his blood. The girls then go to school, where the football players all watch them with disbelief, as they'd thought them all dead. During the day the cheerleaders pick off the football players one by one, either out of hunger or, in the case of Martha, out of anger when she realizes that her sister slept with her boyfriend, Manny (Leigh Parker), using her body.  While the girls were all initially willing to work together, their solidarity unravels due to the day's deaths and the discovery from Mäddy's video diaries that she had joined the squad out of revenge. She tries to explain her cruel criticism of them, but none of the others will listen to her, especially not Tracy, as she had genuinely begun to fall in love with Mäddy.  The only person who will listen is Leena and Mäddy tells her that she had been raped by Terry while attempting to film a memorial video for Alexis and that up until that point, she had not wanted revenge. The girls are then picked off one by one by Terry, who has figured out what is going on and manages to defeat them by cutting out the magic stones (which reside in the girls' bodies) and swallowing them.  Terry manages to corner Mäddy and Leena in a graveyard where he tries to force Leena to show him how to use her magic for his benefit, only for him to die after Mäddy attacks him and Leena's magic somehow manages to force the stones out of him. Mäddy dies again as a result of this but Leena manages to revive her through her own grief, the same thing that caused the original resurrection. The two embrace and kiss, only to find that a bloody Alexis is tearing her way out of Terry's corpse (as he had landed on her grave) and screaming Leena's name. The film then cuts to the title card, which reveals that the film is part one in a series and that there will be a sequel.
At the Clinton Correctional Facility in 1995, a documentary filmmaker arrives to interview Tupac Shakur. In a flashback to 1971, Tupac's mother, Afeni Shakur, and other Black Panther Party members are released from prison following acquittal. From an early age, Tupac, instilled with black pride, witnesses multiple injustices in his neighborhood. His stepfather, Mutulu, a revolutionary, is caught by the FBI for an armored-truck robbery and murder. As Tupac gets older, he distances himself from his mother's revolutionary ideals. He attends the Baltimore School for the Arts, where he becomes friends with Jada Pinkett.  Tupac's music career begins when he joins Digital Underground for their hit "Same Song". Under manager Atron Gregory, he begins to have hip-hop albums produced. Although his music becomes popular, some songs' controversial lyrics cause tensions between him and his record producers. Tupac begins acting in movies such as Juice, as well as collaborating with performers including Biggie Smalls. He generates both praise and controversy.  Tupac finds himself beaten by police officers over jaywalking. Another time, after he and E.D.I. Mean, a member of 2Pac's group called, "Outlawz" intervene when two white male off-duty police officers assault a black man, Tupac is arrested for shooting at the cops. Tupac develops a contentious relationship with a Brooklyn gangster named Nigel.  In 1993, Tupac goes on trial for rape and harassment charges. On November 30, 1994, he is attacked and robbed by three men from Brooklyn in the lobby of Quad Recording Studios, is shot five times before the men flee, and is hospitalized. The following day, Tupac is found not guilty of rape, but found guilty of illegal touching, and sentenced to eighteen months in prison.  While in prison, Tupac hears Biggie's song "Who Shot Ya?", and interprets it as a diss track bragging about Biggie's alleged involvement in his shooting. Tupac, who is assaulted by two guards while in prison, eventually is released and signs to Death Row Records under Suge Knight. Tupac and label-mate Dr. Dre work on the hit song "California Love". He releases the track "Hit Em Up" as a response to "Who Shot Ya?" in which Tupac brags about supposedly having an affair with Biggie's wife Faith Evans. Tupac parts ways with Death Row to launch his own company. Later, Suge offers Tupac a chance to become partners, and Tupac agrees to head Death Row's East Coast operations.  On September 7, 1996, Tupac, Suge, and other members of the Mob Pirus are leaving the Mike Tyson vs. Bruce Seldon boxing match at the MGM Grand Las Vegas. They confront a Southside Compton Crips gang member named Orlando Anderson who had jumped a friend, and Tupac knocks him to the ground, leading to a brawl. Tupac stops by his hotel to change clothes, and tells Kidada he will return in an hour from performing at Club 662. With Suge, Tupac is at the intersection of Flamingo Road and Koval Lane when a Cadillac pulls alongside Suge's BMW and from the backseat an arm with a leather glove on & a Glock 17 shoots Tupac multiple times before fleeing the scene. Onscreen text states that Tupac was pronounced dead six days later at age 25. Tupac had released 9 platinum albums, 7 posthumous albums, 75 million albums sold, 713 songs, and 7 movies, all by the age of 25. It has been two decades since his death and his murder remains unsolved.
In 1970s New York City, David Marks, the son of a powerful real estate tycoon Sanford Marks, marries Katie McCarthy, a working-class student. Together they try to establish a new life in Vermont, setting up a health food store called All Good Things. However, Sanford manipulates David into returning to the city, telling him that Katie deserves more than he's currently giving her. Upon their return, Katie brings up the idea of having children. David says it will never ever happen, which leads Katie to assume something is wrong with his fertility. After buying a lake house, Katie confesses to their pregnant neighbor that she is expecting as well. David responds angrily upon finding out and forces Katie to make an appointment for an abortion. He misses the appointment when he is called away to do work for his father.  Katie enters medical school while her relationship with David continues to deteriorate. She makes inquiries about a separation, but her funds, which she needs in order to pay for school, are cut off when she attempts to leave. Having been advised that she will need leverage to compel the family to give her a settlement, Katie attempts to find incriminating documents of their financial activities. She then disappears without a trace in 1982, despite a $15,000 reward offered for any information on her whereabouts.  Eighteen years later, the case is reopened by the district attorney after reading an unpublished novel written by David's best friend, Deborah Lehrman, which contains a murder almost identical to the Marks case. Soon after this is announced, Lehrman is shot and killed in her home, and David is under suspicion again while standing trial for the murder of his neighbor Malvern Bump in Texas. David is acquitted of the murder of Bump; the film states that nobody has ever been tried for Lehrman's murder and that Katie remains a missing person to this day. A flash-back implies that David left his wife's remains in the trunk of her car, which the father finds. The film ends with David visiting his dying father and whispering to him, "I miss her so much." It's left to the viewer to decide whether he is talking about Katie or his mother.
Trevor Slattery, an inmate at Seagate Prison, is living with his own personal "butler" Herman, and other inmates acting as his fan club and protection. Slattery is interviewed by documentary filmmaker Jackson Norriss, who wishes to chronicle the events of the Mandarin situation. Norriss, trying to learn more about Slattery personally, recounts his past from his first casting as a child as well as his starring in the failed CBS pilot Caged Heat. Norriss eventually informs Slattery that his portrayal has angered some people, including the actual Ten Rings terrorist group, which Slattery did not know existed. Norriss tells him the history of the Mandarin and the terrorist group, before revealing that he is actually a member of the group. He then pulls out a gun and kills the guards and Herman before telling Slattery the real reason for the interview is to break him out of prison so he can meet the actual leader of the Ten Rings. Hearing this, Slattery still has no idea of the full ramifications of his posing as the Mandarin.
After a night of trick-or-treating on Halloween, babysitter Sarah is surprised to see that children Tia and Timmy have received an unmarked VHS tape in one of their bags. The children convince Sarah to allow them to watch the tape, which contains three stories, each of which features a homicidal clown named Art.  The first segment features a young woman named Casey, who is drugged and kidnapped by Art the Clown while waiting for a train. She awakens to find herself chained in a room with two other women, Kristen and Sara. When Sara is dragged away by her chain, Casey and Kristen decide to follow where their chains lead. Upon reaching the end of the chains, Casey attempts to break the chains with a large rock but is interrupted by a deformed humanoid who dismembers Kristen with a cleaver. The humanoid unwittingly frees Casey by severing her chains with the cleaver, but she soon is tied down and surrounded by a hooded coven of witches. After watching the witches remove a fetus from the womb of a restrained pregnant woman, Casey is raped by Satan. After the segment ends, Sarah sends Tia and Timmy to bed and decides to continue watching the VHS tape by herself.  The second segment features Caroline, a woman who has just moved into a new countryside home. A bright object crashes near the house at night, and a power outage occurs. Caroline finds that her phone and car are malfunctioning and suspects that someone other than herself is in the house. She suddenly receives a call from her husband, John, a painter, but the connection soon breaks. She discovers that she is being stalked by an alien, and after managing to disorient it, she hides in a small room under a staircase. There, her phone rings again, alerting the alien to her location. As the alien drags her off, she pulls a sheet off of one of John's paintings, revealing an image of Art the Clown.  The third and final segment features a costume designer driving down an isolated road. Stopping at a gas station, she finds the attendant furiously kicking out Art, who had apparently smeared feces on the gas station's bathroom walls. The attendant fills her tank and hears a noise from inside the gas station while giving the costume designer directions. He goes inside to investigate, and when he does not return, the costume designer enters the building and sees Art chopping up the attendant's body with a hacksaw. She flees, and a chase ensues. Art eventually appears behind her seat in her car and attempts to suffocate her with cellophane. She slams on the brakes and escapes, barricading herself inside a large shed. Art digs his way into the shed and slashes her with a makeshift whip composed of sharp instruments. She stabs Art in the eye with a scalpel and in the back with a knife. She escapes again and is picked up by a man who tries to drive her to a nearby police station. Art follows them in a car and shoots the man in the head with a handgun, causing their car to crash into a tree. After some time, the costume designer regains consciousness on a crude operating table and finds that Art has amputated her limbs and breasts and carved misogynistic obscenities into her body.  Disturbed, Sarah turns off the television. A home phone rings, and when Sarah answers it, she hears the costume designer from the third segment pleading for help. The television turns back on, displaying a dingy room. Art steps into the frame, approaches Sarah from within the screen, and begins to pound on the glass. Sarah then sees herself on the television screen, with Art behind her. She frantically removes the tape from the VCR and smashes it on the floor, destroying it. Shortly afterwards, she hears Tia and Timmy scream. Sarah runs upstairs and sees Art the Clown outside their room, covered in blood, laughing at her and gleefully gesturing for her to enter. Sarah covers her eyes in terror; when she uncovers them seconds later, Art has disappeared. Sarah enters the room, finding just Tia and Timmy's severed heads, and "ART" written on the wall in blood.
As Eve celebrates her birthday, she learns the truth of who she really is. For generations, her mother’s family has passed down an old amulet and the power of a witch to one girl on her 18th birthday. This time, it is her turn. While exploring her new powers, Eve attempts to summon her deceased mother, against the warnings of her best friend and Barnaby, her faithful protector. Instead, she accidentally summons an old ancestor who bears her no goodwill and is crazy and seeks to wreak havoc. The three friends are forced to flee for their lives. Time is ticking for her loved ones in danger, as Eve rushes to fix the mess around her. Only by realizing the power inside of herself will she be able to help them in time.
Married couple Gina and James live together happily despite her dependence on him due to her blindness. He appears to enjoy the dependence, saying that it makes him feel special. As they try for a baby, Gina prepares for a cornea transplant, which will restore the sight in one of her eyes. The surgery is a success, and she embraces her newfound independence. Immediately, their sex life suffers.   To put the spark back into their marriage, James books them a holiday to Spain, promising Gina that he has reserved the same hotel room they had on their honeymoon. Upon their arrival, she insists the room is not the same, which he denies. Gina is later proven to be correct.  During the trip, Gina is shown to be growing in independence and confidence while James is left behind, seemingly unable to connect to the new, independent version of her that no longer depends on him. Resentful, James begins to show signs of possessiveness.  On their way to Barcelona, they attempt to have sex on a sleeper train. James, blindfolded, demands to know who Gina fantasizes about when she masturbates, doubtful when she answers that she only thinks of him. She finally reveals that she does think of other men. James later watches a video of the encounter, obsessed with his helplessness and Gina's emotionless face.  In Barcelona, Gina and James arrive at her sister's. One night, Gina visits a peep show with her sister and brother-in-law. James declines their invitation to join and appears uncomfortable when Gina's brother-in-law jokingly suggests that, now that she can see, Gina may find someone better looking.   While walking back to the house, Gina is groped by a stranger on the street, whom her brother-in-law punches. Back at her sister and brother-in-law's house, James is mad at Gina for embarrassing him in front of her sister when she got mad at him for not sticking up for her.  Back home in Thailand, Gina begins to have trouble with her vision: her eyes water unusually and her vision worsens. Confused and terrified by her returning blindness, she brings her eye drops to her doctor, who promises to test them for contamination. James learns that he is sterile but does not tell Gina.  While James purchases a new house at Gina's insistence, Gina begins to flirt with Daniel, an attractive man she meets at the public pool. When her dog overheats during a walk, Daniel offers to take them back to his home for water, where he and Gina have sex. She later reveals to James that she is pregnant, unintentionally confirming her affair as she is unaware of his infertility, but James does not confront her. Similarly, when Gina learns from her doctor that her eye drops have been tampered with, she does not confront him. Their home is broken into and their dog is stolen.  Some time later, a visibly pregnant Gina is apparently having trouble with her vision, now in need of her old cane and aid from James. She and James move into their new house. At one point, James tests Gina's blindness, intentionally hiding from her in her blind spot. He makes plans to meet her at a local school for a talent show in which she is performing.   While he is gone, Gina receives an anonymous letter, written in crayon, which reveals that James was who staged the home invasion and released their dog. The writer claims to have rescued the dog but refuses to return it because "when I look into her eyes, she looks back at me, and that is called love."  James goes to their old apartment to collect the last of his and Gina's belongings. In the bathroom, he uncovers a stash of empty eye drop bottles. He realizes that Gina discovered his deception and secretly continued to obtain eye drops from the doctor, meaning that she has been faking her returning blindness. She confirms this when she looks directly at him during the talent show. Distraught, James drives home in tears, and seems to purposefully crash into an oncoming truck and dies.  After Gina gives birth, she and her baby see each other for the first time.
Out on parole in Quebec after serving four years for stealing, Dennis (Giamatti) returns home to find out his wife Therese told his daughter Michi he died of cancer. He also discovers his old friend and former accomplice Rene (Rudd) is in a relationship with his ex.  Dennis has a brief fit of rage at Therese and later lands one punch on Rene. Homeless and desperate for work as there is a recession, he reluctantly asks Rene if he can go with him to sell Christmas trees in New York City. Dennis wants to make enough money to buy his estranged daughter the piano she has always wanted.  In Brooklyn, Dennis gets thrown out of a café and the following day has an altercation with another tree salesman. Finally Olga, a Russian-born woman, buys the first tree and they gradually start hustling and moving their trees.  Olga asks Dennis to straighten the tree as an excuse, to the house where she cleans for a couple of dentists, offering him food and a shower. The next day the men are hit with a tree selling rush. Amidst the sales, Rene's wife Marie calls, letting him know she wants him to sign divorce papers. Upset, he takes off for a few days, so Dennis is left in charge.  When Rene reappears, he has an engagement ring for Therese. Dennis becomes irate, telling two guys looking to buy a tree that his friend stole his wife from him while he was in prison. He becomes inspired to call his ex collect, but she doesn't accept the charges. Distraught, he visits Olga the next day and asks her to help him find his daughter a piano.  Olga visits them at their tree-selling lot with vodka, and she, Rene, Dennis and Nzomo, an African who had helped with the tree selling, drink through the night. The next day, as Dennis and Rene are robbed by a supposedly blind man who had bought a tree from them, Dennis convinces Olga to help them take the dentists' Steinway.  Returning to their small Quebec town, Dennis watches from a distance as Michi plays her new piano, then hugs her mom and Rene happily.
The film begins with a flash-forward in which a man (Robert Redford) narrates a letter addressing people he will miss, as the camera pans across a lost shipping container.  In the Indian Ocean eight days earlier, the man wakes to find water flooding his boat. It has collided with a wayward shipping container, ripping a hole in the hull. The man uses a sea anchor to dislodge the container, then changes course to tilt the boat away from the hole. He patches the hole and uses a manual bilge pump to remove the water from the cabin. The boat's navigational and communications systems have been damaged by saltwater intrusion. The man tries to repair the marine radio and connects it to one of the boat's batteries. When he climbs the mast to repair an antenna lead, he sees an oncoming tropical storm.  When the storm arrives, the man runs before the wind. He intends to heave to, but as he crawls to the bow to hoist the storm jib, he is thrown overboard and only regains the deck after a desperate struggle. The boat capsizes and rights itself; during a second roll, which throws the man overboard again, the boat is dis-masted and most of the equipment is destroyed. After going below deck and being knocked out by colliding with a post, he regains consciousness to find the boat sinking, so he abandons ship in an inflatable life raft. When the storm has passed, he salvages whatever he can from his sinking boat and transfers it to the raft. Before the boat sinks, he tends to the gash on his forehead.  As the man learns to operate a sextant, he discovers he is being pulled towards a major shipping lane by ocean currents. He survives another storm but his supplies dwindle, and he learns too late that his drinking water has been contaminated with sea water. He improvises a solar still from his water container, a plastic bag, and an aluminum can, producing fresh water, and he snags a fish, but it is snapped up by a shark before he can reel it in.  The man is passed by two container ships, but he is unseen despite him using signaling flares. He drifts out of the shipping lane with no food or water. On the eighth day, he writes a letter, puts it in a jar, and throws it in the ocean as a message in a bottle. Later that night, he sees a light in the distance. He uses pages from his journal along with charts to create a signal fire. The fire grows out of control and consumes his raft. He falls into the water and allows himself to sink. Underwater, he sees the hull of a boat with a search light approaching his burning raft. He swims towards the surface to grasp an outstretched hand.
After being rebuffed by Grace who says she's just started dating someone, Harry is seduced by older woman Maren who says she just wants sex. While he is still in bed with Maren, Maren gives him advice on how to text Grace and Grace agrees to go on a date with him. After this date, when Maren and Harry are about to have sex, Grace contacts Harry again asking for support after she broke up with her boyfriend. Harry leaves hurting Maren.  A month later Grace invites Harry to meet her parents and there Harry and Maren meet again as she is Grace's mother. After various histrionics in which Maren threatens to tell her husband about her infidelity, Harry gives advice to Phil (Maren's husband/Grace's father) helping Phil reconnect with Grace after he had an extra-marital affair. After this reconciliation, Harry also tells Maren that he plans to tell Grace he had sex with Maren. To prevent this Maren secretly sends an email to Grace from Harry's phone breaking up with her.  A week later at a party which Phil invites Harry to, Grace is very happy to see Harry. Harry confesses his love for her to Grace, and then he admits to Grace that he had sex with Maren. Phil is more amused than upset that his wife had an affair with her daughter's boyfriend. In a heart to heart talk, Maren confesses to Grace that she sent the email and tells Grace to do what makes her happy. When Harry turns up at her doorstep, Grace lets him and they have sex for the first time.  During the credits the four main characters are seen celebrating together at the parents' house.
Set in valleys of Tuscany, Maggie returns to a town where she spent her youth, along with her daughter, when she comes across her ex Luca and his mother Carmen, who live in a villa nearby. Decades earlier, Luca and Maggie were wildly in love, but she left one day for America and cut off communication with Luca completely. Luca, who still harbours feelings for Maggie, tries to win her back.  Meanwhile, Maggie's daughter Summer is desperate to get back to America and her selfish boyfriend Tyler (who wants her to take the rap for a recent drug charge, arguing that as she's a juvenile she'd receive a less serious sentence than him), and Luca's mother Carmen wants to unite and marry her 60s youth flame Marcellino, whom she had been recently exchanging love letters with. In the chaos that follows, Summer and Carmen steal Luca's car and race for Rome, where Carmen and Marcellino have planned their secret wedding at a church. Summer, initially planning to leave for America via Rome airport, on seeing the honor and love of Carmen realizes that she is being used by Tyler, and surprisingly finds love in farm girl Ermenegilda. Maggie and Luca, racing behind the two, also bicker about their past, and rekindle their love as they head for Rome.
Conrad, Hunter and Tim are close friends living in a small town. Grace takes a liking to Conrad and they start spending a lot of time with each other, which stresses Conrad's relationship with Hunter and Tim. Having promised Hunter and Tim that they could hang out on the 4th of July, Conrad declines an invitation to watch the fireworks with Grace's family.   The three boys drive around the town stealing garden ornaments and Conrad – on a dare – goes to steal a plant from the porch of Grace's house. Unbeknownst to them, Grace had earlier had a fight with her brother Eric, who has consequently stayed home while Grace and her parents went to see the fireworks.  The boys are nearly caught and Eric gets in his car, chasing them to the outskirts of the town. The boys narrowly avoid a deer that wanders onto the road, but Eric hits it and crashes into a tree. The boys argue about whether to call for help, as he is still breathing. Hunter and Tim vote to leave, hoping someone would pass by soon, and, feeling pressured, Conrad decides to leave too.   The next day, the news spreads through the town that Eric has died from his injuries. Grace is ridden with guilt due to her fight with Eric and finds comfort in Conrad, who has fallen out with Tim and Hunter due to their refusal to help Eric at the scene of the accident.  Conrad tries to tell Grace the truth but is interrupted by her parents. As Grace finds comfort in Conrad, they become closer. On the night that Grace's parents go away to Eric's college to pack up his dorm room, she loses her virginity to Conrad.   Grace leaves to go to church the next morning, telling Conrad that he would have the house to himself, but her parents return early. Grace's parents discover the discarded condom wrapper and, feeling betrayed, tell Conrad to leave.  Grace has a fight with her parents and goes to look for Conrad, finding him in an abandoned house he had shown her earlier. Conrad, now in distress, confesses the truth to Grace and she leaves, telling him that she never wants to see him again. Conrad goes home and tells his mother what had happened. Following this talk, he goes to see Grace's parents to tell them the truth and return the plant.  It is revealed that Conrad never did get back in touch with Grace and hopes she's okay wherever she is. An adult Conrad eventually marries and has a son, whom he names Eric.
The film opens with Charge/John (Trost), Cutthroat/Ben (Till), The Wall/Charlie (Valmassy), and Shadow/Jill (Merkley), waking up in a seemingly abandoned town, all bearing strange injection marks on their wrists. They soon discover television sets through which their nemesis, Rickshaw, whom the group thought Charge had defeated some time ago, explains to them that he has staged a game all across town with innocents' lives at stake, and that he has also taken away their powers. To prove this, he executes a civilian near Cutthroat's location, then instructs the heroes to head to a meeting ground. Once there, the four have a brief personal reunion, in which the group realizes that Charge still retains some of his abilities, before Rickshaw interrupts them, giving them new orders. Charge assumes command of the group almost unanimously, with the exception of Cutthroat, who appears disgruntled with the others' decision.  The group finds themselves in a hardware store, where Rickshaw instructs each of them to choose a weapon, then divides them into teams of two and orders them to a deathmatch with two of his goons in different parts of the town; Charge and Cutthroat head off to the lumber mill, while The Wall and Shadow go to the scrap yard. In the mill, Charge and Cutthroat find a group of civilians strapped to explosives with the fuse already lit, and Charge faces Sledgesaw, a goon of Rickshaw's, while Cutthroat tries to defuse the explosives. Charge defeats his opponent and they succeed in cutting the fuse, only for Rickshaw to remotely detonate the device moments after Charge saves Cutthroat and himself by pulling him away from the civilians. While surveying the wreckage, Cutthroat laments in his inability to save the civilians, stating that if he had his power of super speed, he could have saved them.  Meanwhile, in the scrap yard, The Wall and Shadow are attacked by Manpower, who wields a flamethrower against them. Once it runs out of fuel, The Wall charges him, only to be promptly taken down without his superpower (presumably some form of invincibility, which also renders him immune to physical pain). Shadow tries to help, but without her own power of invisibility, she is unable to prevent Manpower from stabbing The Wall in the stomach. Just as he turns to her, Charge and Cutthroat arrive and defeat Manpower. Charge then informs the group that The Wall only has moments to live, as his wounds are not treatable. He instructs Shadow, who presumably had an intimate relationship with him, to stay with The Wall until the end while he explains to Cutthroat that he has a plan to defeat Rickshaw and that Rickshaw does not care if they win or not, but will execute civilians merely to affect them; he is proven right when, moments after The Wall's death, he executes the trapped civilians and then gives the group the coordinates for a new, "Bonus Round".  The group arrives at a cabin where three civilians are held, and they discover three coffins with their names on them, as well as a single gun. Rickshaw appears and tells them that he will spare a civilian for each of them that commits suicide at their respective coffin, but Charge takes the gun and executes the hostages himself, much to the others' horror. He argues that Rickshaw would kill them anyway, and that he did it so none of the others would be tempted to take their own lives. Cutthroat tells Shadow that he trusts Charge to have a plan, noting that "...failure is just not an option to him." It is revealed through flashbacks that the four were close friends at some point, that Charge was the one who had urged the rest to become superheroes after they obtained their powers, and that Charge and Cutthroat were working as a team. It is also suggested that Charge and the Shadow had feelings for one another, but never acted on them. Rickshaw congratulates Charge on his actions, then orders them to head to a bar.  Once there, they find two guns next to the TV set. Rickshaw appears and reveals he has Cutthroat's sister hostage, then orders Cutthroat to kill the other two in order to save her. Charge and Shadow try to reason with him, but he attacks Charge, bitter about how he was always treated as a sidekick by him. While fighting, he picks up a pair of knives, throwing one onto Shadow's shoulder and slashing Charge across the chest with the other, before Charge drives it into his chest. Cutthroat dies, and, soon after, Rickshaw executes his sister. Charge and Shadow grieve briefly before Charge reveals that he loves Shadow, and that, unlike the other three who each got a power and agelessness from "that thing [that] fell out of the sky", he himself never had any special powers, which is why he had been constantly training and why he has aged over the time they had been apart. He reveals that he can locate Rickshaw and kill him, as he can see them but not hear them, but he needs the location of the next TV set to do so.  When they arrive at the location of the next TV set, Rickshaw orders one to kill the other. Charge tells Shadow that she needs to shoot him in a way that would make it seem as if he died, then he would find and kill Rickshaw while he was distracted monitoring her. She does, unwillingly, and heads out towards the "Last Round". Meanwhile, Charge triangulates his position, then storms his hideout. Rickshaw, shocked to see him alive, is shot by Charge with a shotgun, but manages to activate a failsafe device right before he dies. Charge tells Shadow to head out of town, but she frees the civilians of the Last Round and then finds his map, where he had marked Rickshaw's location. She finds him and helps him to his feet, and they leave the hideout as the timer counts down, with little more than a minute left.  In a post-credits scene, a brief shot shows Cutthroat's eyes suddenly opening.
Deon (50 Cent), a skilled college running back falls ill from a genetic disease just when he was about to go into the championships of the NFL. Though idolized for his athletic ability, Deon shares the glory on and off of the football field. His mother Bee (Lynn Whitfield) is incredibly proud and his younger brother Sean (Cedric Sanders)—understandably jealous. Eric (Mario Van Peebles, Deon's stepfather), sees the football star as a winning lottery ticket. Deon’s doctor, Dr. Brintall (Ray Liotta) informs him that he can’t play football again, but there is always hope. While fighting cancer, Deon seeks to finish what he started. In the end, while at a catering party, he runs towards the football field just like the good old times and raising his arms pretending that he hit the touchdown while the screen fades white as the credits roll.
A Christmas-obsessed neighborhood becomes engulfed in fear when five-year-old Jamie Garrett mysteriously vanishes from her home. Citing various different explanations ranging from Krampus to kidnapping, the adult denizens of the district begin to treat the young girl's mother and her home as the stuff of a spooky, holiday-themed legend. The missing girl's house goes dark as her mother becomes a depressed recluse. The local children, mesmerized by the seemingly-haunted story, trade bedtime fears about their missing friend, eventually turning the tragedy into an innocuous fairytale.  Fifteen years later, Rachel Kimmel, a 22-year-old student, comes home for Christmas. The offbeat and slightly creepy Mrs. Garrett invites Rachel to her home as she finally emerges from her self-imposed exile, determined to make this Christmas a jovial one to be remembered, which brings Rachel's memories of the missing girl rushing back to her.  All the while, the same neighborhood is being terrorized by a faceless killer dressed in a Santa suit and mask who stalks the wintery streets- slaughtering women and castrating men. Rachel and her two best friends soon find themselves trapped in a grisly nightmare, fighting for their lives as the Santa killer's obsession zeroes in on them as well as Mrs. Garrett and her festively-decorated home.  After various terrifying encounters with the Santa killer that leave a trail of even more dead bodies behind, Rachel finally uncovers the madness behind the Santa mask and the truth behind the mysteries of the neighborhood's past. The killer's twisted revelation sends Rachel into shock as she learns her own sick connection to the Garrett family legacy.
Set during the 2008 worldwide financial crisis, single mother Rita Carmichael and her teenage daughter Ruthie are constantly running when Rita's relationships go bad. They are heading towards Boston for a new adventure when they have car trouble, which drain them of most of their money.  Stopping at Tiny's, a diner in a small Midwestern town, Rita and Ruthie plan to eat and pull a runner, but the car acts up again. Rita bravely marches back in and explains their desperate situation, hoping for compassion. Marty gives them both work there, so they slowly get back on their feet.  After a few days, Rita and Ruthie move from sleeping in their car to a bed in the back of the diner. Soon Ruthie feels like they've found a new home and has hope for their future. She befriends Pam, another waitperson at the diner who's also on her own.   Before long, Rita gets involved with real estate agent Vic. After he secures them a small house, she and Ruthie manage to get credit and buy lots of things to fill the house.   Ruthie starts at the local high school. Befriending a classmate, she soon gets mixed up with substance abusers and caught by the principal. She's given a three-day-suspension.  Rita falls ill, but as they're poor, she tries to self-medicate with Nyquil. She seems to more or less recover. By the time Ruthie's suspension is over, on her return to school, she doesn't feel interested in the group that had landed her in trouble.  One evening at the diner, they allow a group of young men to order after hours. Rita sends Ruthie home, but feeling ill at ease, she returns. Seeing the young men trying to rape Pam in the parking lot, Ruthie hurries inside for help. Marty and Rita are drunk and oblivious, so she takes the gun from behind the counter.    Wielding the weapon, since three years earlier she'd seen her mother raped, Ruthie threatens to shoot them if they don't free Pam. Rita comes out, taking the gun from her and chasing them off. When she acts worried for Ruthie, she is accused of being drunk and not being there when needed.  Both women support Pam, encouraging her to make herself up again and feel better. Meanwhile, Rita has been going to AA since the incident. There, she remeets Lee, a diner customer who had vomited at her feet months ago when he was on a bender, having lost his wife a few years ago.   Lee and Rita are dating when the financial crisis hits, and the bank forecloses on Ruthie's and her home. Lee is a dentist, and offers to let them move in with him. Initially resistant, Rita changes her mind when the diner closes down.   After some time, Ruthie tries to get her mother to leave again. When she refuses, Ruthie takes off and ends up at a high school party. She doesn't stay long since she has an altercation with a former friend. Upset, Ruthie goes to Pam's trailer. Rita finds her there in the morning and they make up.  As Rita lets the now 15-year-old Ruthie drive them back to their home with Lee, they drive under trees that are again changing their color for the second time...Ruthie has finally found a home.
In 1973, 16-year-old John Paul Getty III, grandson of the world's richest private citizen, oil tycoon J. Paul Getty, is kidnapped in Rome, where he lives, by the 'Ndrangheta, a Mafia-like organized crime group based in Calabria. A ransom of $17 million is demanded, but Paul's mother, Gail Harris Getty, is unable to pay it, as she rejected any alimony in exchange for full custody of her children when she divorced Paul's father, John Paul Getty Jr., in 1971 due to his drug addiction. She travels to Getty's estate in England to beseech him to provide the money, but he refuses, stating that doing so would encourage further kidnappings of his family members, and instead asks Fletcher Chace, a Getty Oil negotiator and former CIA operative, to investigate the case and secure Paul's release. The media quickly picks up on the story, and Gail is constantly hounded by paparazzi.  Paul is kept hostage in a remote location in southern Italy. Initially, his captors, particularly Cinquanta, do not treat him overly harshly, as he causes them few problems, but as months go by without the ransom being paid, far longer than the captors anticipated, the situation grows increasingly tense. One of the kidnappers accidentally shows his face to Paul, but, before he can kill Paul so he cannot be identified, another kidnapper shoots him dead. His burned and disfigured body is found in the sea, and, at first, investigators think it is Paul. Gail is brought in to identify her son, but immediately sees that the corpse is not him.  Once they determine the correct identity of the body, the Carabinieri are able to determine where Paul is being held. A raid is conducted, during the course of which all of the kidnappers who are present are killed, but Paul is not found, as he has been sold to a different 'ndrina, or crime family, who hire Cinquanta to keep looking after Paul and negotiating with Gail. Paul's new captors are much less patient, and more ruthless, than his former ones, and, after he almost escapes, they cut off one of his ears and mail it to a newspaper, claiming they will continue mutilating the boy until the ransom is paid.  After repeated negotiations between the captors and Gail and Chace, the ransom is lowered to $4 million. Getty finally agrees to pay, but only if Gail signs over full custody of all of her children to their father, who is in a near-vegetative state due to his drug use. Knowing she is really giving custody to Getty, Gail signs the documents, but Getty only provides $1 million, as it is the maximum amount his lawyers can figure out a way to claim as tax-deductible. Gail announces she has the full ransom, hoping she and Chace can figure out a way to get Paul back alive anyway, and the desperation of this, coupled with a biting resignation speech given by Chace, unintentionally convince Getty to provide the full ransom and give Gail back the custody of her children.  Following precise instructions from the captors, Gail and Chace leave the money in a remote location and, once it is counted, receive a call to pick up Paul from a construction site. Based on advice from Cinquanta, Paul has run away, so Gail and Chace begin to search for him. The captors also begin to search for Paul, intending to kill him, after they discover Chace broke his word by leading the police to them. Everyone converges on the nearby town of Lauria after dark, and some of the criminals are arrested, but one of them finds Paul. Cinquanta attacks the man in order to allow Paul to escape, and Paul is reunited with Gail and brought to safety.  When Getty dies in 1976, Gail is tasked with managing her children's inherited wealth until they are adults. Getty's estate was set up as a charitable trust, which allowed him to avoid paying taxes, but also meant he could not spend his income. He could invest it, however, and amassed an enormous collection of paintings, sculptures, and other artifacts, most of which now reside in the J. Paul Getty Museum in Los Angeles.
Lyndon Baines Johnson becomes President of the United States after the John F. Kennedy assassination, assisted and advised by his wife Lady Bird. Johnson enters the White House but soon must work on the passage of the Civil Rights Act. Martin Luther King Jr. pressures Johnson to pass the bill without amendments that would weaken it; Southern Democrats such as Richard Russell Jr. of Georgia oppose the bill so much that they may abandon the Democratic Party if the bill passes, and Republicans and Democrats on the fence offer amendments opposed by the liberals and the Civil Rights activists.  At the same time, Johnson wants to declare a War on Poverty.  The Gulf of Tonkin incident causes Johnson to ask Congress for a resolution endorsing a reprisal against North Vietnam, wary of being outflanked on the issue by the Republicans.  After successful passage of the Civil Rights Act over a filibuster, Johnson contends for election against Barry Goldwater in the 1964 presidential election.  This is complicated by the Freedom Summer movement and pulls between the northern liberal wing and Southern Dixiecrat wing of the Democratic Party.  Johnson assigns J. Edgar Hoover to investigate the murders of Chaney, Goodman, and Schwerner in Mississippi.  The state of Mississippi also sends two delegations to the Democratic National Convention in Atlantic City: the "normal" delegation from the Dixiecrat wing, which threatened to walk out on Johnson, and the Mississippi Freedom Democratic Party, a renegade wing supported by the Civil Rights Movement, but vehemently opposed by other Southerners.  Johnson, in a bid to save the South, offers the MFDP a compromise that satisfies neither side; the Mississippi delegation walks out, and the MFDP is unhappy with the two at-large delegates offered to them.  Johnson hits Goldwater hard in the election, portraying him as a dangerous fanatic who will destroy the world, but is worried.  Johnson's aide and friend Walter Jenkins is arrested for "disorderly conduct" after he is found in a tryst with another man in a public restroom; Johnson has an uncomfortable conversation with Hoover on how this fact slipped by security screening.  Martin Luther King wins the Nobel Peace Prize; Hoover, still distrusting King, sends him an insulting, anonymous letter demanding King commit suicide, which is ignored.  Johnson wins the election conclusively, but the Democratic Party loses the states of the Deep South.  Hints of the Vietnam War, the Great Society programs against poverty, the Voting Rights Act of 1965, and the continuing loss of the South to the Republicans are given at the end.
In October 2004, a New York Army National Guard unit prepares for an upcoming deployment to Iraq. First Lieutenant Danny Selfton, the executive officer of his company, was transferred to a non-deploying public affairs unit due to influence from his politically powerful father but is present to assist in the final preparations. Specialist Reyes, a combat medic in the same unit, applied for a compassionate reassignment due to his son suffering from lung cancer. However, his request for reassignment was denied by his battalion commander Lieutenant Colonel Owens due to his needed medical skills for the upcoming deployment.  Not willing to leave his son, Reyes attempts to flee the base prior to his unit shipping out. Unable to do it alone, he pressures Selfton into helping him come up with a plan to sneak out on a departing supply convoy. Selfton's plans are hindered by his replacement, First Lieutenant Chambers, due to Chambers accompanying him to the convoy and Reyes' platoon sergeant Staff Sergeant Hart discovering that he was missing. Selfton and Reyes flee from the convoy area and attempt to find another way to get him off of the base. Shortly after they flee Selfton is caught and arrested by the military police on base while trying to contact Reyes' cousin on a pay phone.  Captain Angelo, the company commander, orders Selfton to reveal Reyes' location. Selfton takes him to where he is located but a distraction by one of the other Soldiers in the unit gives Selfton a chance to get away and meet back up with Reyes. Selfton takes Reyes to meet up with his cousin and causes a distraction allowing Reyes to successfully flee the area. During his escape Chambers attacks Selfton and the two officers fight until the MPs arrive and arrest him again. Reyes climbs the fence leading off of the base and successfully flees with his cousin before he can be captured.  The following day Selfton is taken in front of the company in handcuffs so he can face charges. At the same time, a military police car arrives with Reyes, who was arrested earlier while with his son. Selfton is brought to LTC Owens' office but Owens drops all charges out of fear that Sefton's arrest for helping Reyes see his son would bring bad press to the National Guard. Before being dismissed, Selfton requests to stay with the unit and deploy with them, allowing Chambers to be discharged. His request granted, Selfton says goodbye to his fiancee Leela and then joins members of his unit on the back of one of the departing trucks.
Lucifer conducts a train full of condemned souls, including Ms. Merrywood, back up to Heaven ("Shovel and Bone"). In Heaven, God discusses the crisis with his top dog, The Agent. The Agent and The Translators, officers in Heaven's police force, interrogate Merrywood. In Hell, the Ticket-Keeper warns Lucifer that the carnies are not prepared for a war with Heaven, but Lucifer dismisses him to entertain a cloaked figure. Lucifer opens his book of Aesop’s Fables and begins reading "The Filly and The Lapdog."  In flashback, a new crop of Applicants arrive in Heaven, including best friends June and Cora. They are welcomed into Heaven and are offered a tour of the premises ("All Aboard (Everybody's Doing The Ark)").  June steals a Number 1 armband from The Designer, who keeps the Number 7s working in a windowless design shop ("Only By Design"). June convinces Cora to explore Heaven with her, only for the two to be arrested and interrogated by The Translators ("Good Little Dictation Machines"). The Agent intervenes; immediately, there is mutual attraction between him and June, which gets him negative press from The Watchword. God orders The Agent to seduce June to expose her heresy.  The Agent brings June to a bar where he sings "Down at the Midnight Rectory". God arrives and serenades one of his girlfriends ("Cloud Serenade"). The Agent and June's relationship continues under the watchful eye of The Watchword ("The Watchword’s Hour"), who later warns Cora that her lesbian attraction to June is illegal in Heaven. Later, June steals the forbidden Book of the Knowledge of Life and Death, confident that The Agent's clout will protect her, but sets off an alarm in doing so. She is beaten by The Translators and tossed down an elevator shaft leading to Hell while The Agent watches and doesn't intervene.  Meanwhile, The Librarian instructs Cora and the other Applicants to denounce June and spend the rest of the night re-shelving Heaven's library ("Hitting on All Sevens").  June arrives at the Carnival (which is notably smaller and weaker than it is in the previous film). She flees from The Fool and finds The Twin, who challenges her to a game, shapeshifting into Cora, The Agent, and June herself as the game progresses ("Fair Game"). Upon losing, June wanders into the midway and finds Lucifer. She inspires him to turn the Carnival into something that can challenge Heaven, and he helps her transform into The Painted Doll ("After the Fall").  In the present, Ticket-Keeper rebuffs several plans to attack Heaven from the carnies. The cloaked figure is revealed to be Painted Doll, who will play a role in Lucifer’s war with Heaven. Ticket-Keeper confronts Lucifer, offering to sacrifice himself for the cause, but Lucifer refuses.  Meanwhile, in Heaven, God dispatches The Agent to face Lucifer and quell the uprising in Hell, giving him a book containing the story "The Filly and the Lapdog".  God puts on a show for the denizens of Heaven ("Bells of the Black Sunday"). Meanwhile, The Agent arrives in Hell and finds Painted Doll, and is horrified by her disfigured appearance. She briefly seduces him before openly taunting him in front of the other carnies ("Hoof and Lap/The Devil’s Carnival"). Lucifer prepares for battle by applying war makeup. God stands in front of a microphone in an empty room, as his servants arm themselves for war. In Heaven, a bruised, beaten Merrywood transforms, revealing that it has been The Twin all along.  The Twin then poses as the Agent returning from his mission. In a post-credits sequence, The Twin as The Agent serenades God ("Songs of Old"), leaving the future uncertain.
In 1942 during World War II, Wing Commander Max Vatan, a Royal Canadian Air Force pilot with intelligence duties, travels to Casablanca in Morocco to assassinate a German ambassador. He is partnered with a French Resistance fighter, Marianne Beauséjour, who escaped from France after her resistance group was compromised and killed.  They pose as a married couple and grow close, despite agreeing that in their line of work feelings can get people killed. Marianne, who is trusted by the Germans, secures Max an invitation to the party where they plan to conduct the assassination. On the day itself, they have sex inside a car in the middle of a desert sandstorm, knowing they might not survive. However, the mission is successful and they escape. Max asks Marianne to come with him to London and be his wife. They marry, settle down in Hampstead, and have a baby girl they name Anna, born during a German Airstrike on her Maternity hospital while Marianne was in labour.  A year later in 1944, Max learns from the Special Operations Executive that Marianne is suspected of being a German spy, having adopted her identity after the real Marianne was killed in France, and that the German ambassador they assassinated was a dissident Hitler wanted dead. To test their suspicions, SOE run a "blue dye" operation: Max is ordered to write down a piece of false intelligence at home, where Marianne can find it. If the information is picked up from intercepted German transmissions, Max must personally execute her, and if he is found to be an accomplice he will be hanged for high treason. He is told to otherwise act normally and not conduct his own investigation.  Defiant, Max visits Guy Sangster, a former colleague who knew Marianne; however, Sangster, blinded in the war, cannot confirm her identity. He reveals that resistance fighter Paul Delamare, who worked with Marianne in France, is still alive in Dieppe and could identify her. Max finds a young pilot, Adam Hunter, gives him a photograph with a "classified" note—asking if the woman in the photo is Marianne Beauséjour—and instructs him to obtain a "yes" or "no" answer from Delamare.  Max and Marianne host a house party. His commanding officer, Frank Heslop, comes and tells him that Hunter was killed while waiting on the ground for the answer from Delamare and berates him for his insubordination. Max wonders if what he was told about Marianne is a test of his loyalty as part of a promotion to V-Section.  The next evening, Max takes the place of a Lysander pilot and flies to France to meet Delamare, who is being held at the local police station. Max and the local resistance break into the town's jail, but Delamare is drunk and unconvincingly verifies the picture. The delay gives the French police officer room to alert the Germans, whom Max and the resistance manage to defeat. Prior to leaving, Delamare tells Max that Marianne was a talented pianist who had once played La Marseillaise in defiance of the occupying Germans in the early stages of the war.  Back in England, Max takes Marianne to a local pub and demands she play the piano. She cannot. She admits she is a spy and forwarded the "blue dye" message, which Max left in plain view. She insists her feelings for Max are genuine, and that she was forced back into being a spy because German agents were threatening Anna.  Max, unwilling to kill her, tells her they must flee the country. He kills Marianne's German handlers, a nanny and a jeweller. They drive to a local airbase, but Max cannot get the plane to start before Heslop and the military police arrive. He tries to plead his case before the officers, but Marianne tells him that she loves him, asks him to take care of Anna, then shoots herself. Heslop orders the soldiers present to report that Max executed Marianne as per his orders, so that Max will not be punished. After the war, Max moves to a ranch in Alberta to raise Anna.
Billed as an "experiment in situationist cinema," the film focuses on five women in New York, who have come from different countries and settings. Each one struggles to overcome her personal conflict, set against the Occupy Wall Street movements of 2011. These separate, but intersecting multi-ethnic storylines touch and inform each other, and create a larger narrative about gender, emigration, power, class, and personal politics. The film also references some ideas of The Society of the Spectacle by Guy Debord through contemporary stories.
Walter Meyers (Danny Glover) is a retired automotive engineer who lost his wife Grace (Rachel Kylian) 10 months earlier.  Now that the holiday season is here, he invites his four grown children and the rest of the family to his house for a traditional celebration.  Walter knows that if his daughters Cheryl (Kimberly Elise) and Rachel (Gabrielle Union) and sons Christian (Romany Malco) and Evan (Jessie Usher) can spend five days together under the same roof, it will truly be a Christmas miracle. As his children arrive, Walter realizes a perfect Christmas without his wife, Grace is easier said than done.  Cheryl, a dentist and the eldest child, arrives for the holidays with her goofy husband Lonnie (J. B. Smoove), a previously famous basketball player who develops a mutual interest in a young grocery store worker named Jasmine (Keri Hilson) shortly after arriving in town.  His eldest son and second born, Christian, struggles with balancing his campaign to become a congressman and his desire to spend time with his wife and 2 kids. Christian invites his campaign manager along so they can get more work done. His manager helps set him up with potential financial backers.  Meanwhile, Rachel, his youngest daughter and third born, struggles to financially support herself and her daughter due to her recent divorce and studying to become a lawyer.  The youngest, Evan is a successful football player recovering from a shoulder injury, but when his coach tells him his arm is completely healed, Evan struggles to give up the pain medication.  Throughout their 5 days together, the Meyers family experiences ups and downs. Rachel and Cheryl trade barbs at each other, Lonnie has an affair with Jasmine, (which Rachel discovers immediately) and Christian is pressured to help demolish a part of town that includes a homeless shelter his mother supported. Out of spite, Rachel invites Jasmine to Christmas dinner to embarrass Lonnie and Cheryl but when the sisters accidentally find their mother's tin of recipes, they stop fighting and Rachel tries to disinvite Jasmine via voicemail. On Christmas Day, Evan discovers Walter plans on selling the house and confronts him. The kids are shocked but Walter stands by his decision. Evan storms off and gets into a car accident. Jasmine arrives to dinner, to Rachel and Lonnie's surprise, and inadvertently reveals their fling to the whole table. Cheryl chases Lonnie off with an old shotgun.  Later on, in the hospital, Walter helps Evan confront his grief of losing Grace. Cheryl and Rachel make amends and Cheryl gives her sister a check to help her finish law school. Christian tells his potential backers that he won't demolish the shelter. The film ends with Walter finally perfecting Grace's sweet potato pie and him deciding to keep the house.
Charlie (Freddie Highmore) is an unmotivated man who lives at home with his mother (Marg Helgenberger) and stepfather while working at a small movie theatre and living vicariously through his best friend, Ben (Haley Joel Osment). His life takes an unpredictable turn however, when he finds himself falling for local barista Amber (Odeya Rush). Problem is, Amber has her own distractions: her mooching roommate (Jake Abel), a track star boyfriend (Taylor John Smith) and steadfast plans to move to New York City. On top of that, Charlie's estranged father (Christopher Meloni) unexpectedly re-enters his life just as he begins to take a long, hard look at where he's going and who he wants to be. With conflict after conflict piling on, will Charlie reach his tipping point or will he finally find the path forward?
Military contractor Brian Gilcrest returns to Hawaii accompanying billionaire entrepreneur Carson Welch, who intends to develop local land into a space center. Following a celebrated military career that ended in shadowy deals in Afghanistan, the now-disillusioned Gilcrest has to negotiate a deal with the Native Hawaiians and support Carson's launch of a privately funded satellite. His mission is complicated by his former girlfriend Tracy, now married with two children, and his idealistic Air Force liaison, Captain Allison Ng, whose wide-eyed fascination with space reminds him of his own childhood.  Gilcrest and Ng meet King Dennis "Bumpy" Kanahele at his isolated community, asking for him to participate in a blessing ceremony that will allow Welch to build his center. Having unsuccessfully attempted to probe Gilcrest's background, Ng, who is of partial Hawaiian background, connects with the king and his companions, as she shares their spiritual view of the land and sky. Eventually, with her assistance, Gilcrest brokers a settlement with the king allowing for control over the territory of two whole mountains and free cell phone service for the area. The following night, Gilcrest and Ng have dinner at Tracy's house, where they meet her husband Woody and children, Grace and Mitchell. Later, alone in the kitchen, Tracy confesses to Gilcrest she planned a life with him before he abandoned her thirteen years earlier.  The next evening, at Carson's Christmas party, the commander of Pacific Air Forces, General Dixon, warns Gilcrest against ruining their deal. One of his men hands Gilcrest a thumb drive containing top secret information for the upcoming satellite launch. During the party, Gilcrest becomes attracted to Ng, who is having fun dancing with Carson. Afterwards, Ng joins Gilcrest in his hotel room while he recounts his near-death experiences in Kabul. The next day, Ng discovers that the satellite will actually carry a nuclear payload. When she tries to resign, she is told that it is a private operation run by Carson and that Gilcrest is aware of the details. She later tearfully confronts Gilcrest for deceiving her and the Hawaiians.  Meanwhile, Woody and Tracy confront each other about recent marital tensions, which he believes started as soon as Gilcrest arrived, and both agree to separate. The next morning, she arrives at the hotel and reveals that Grace is his daughter. Later that day, after the successful blessing of the new pedestrian gate, Gilcrest learns that the Chinese are attempting to hack the satellite's code to prevent the impending launch. He rushes to the command center and undermines the hackers' efforts. As he watches the satellite enter geosynchronous orbit, he realizes his actions have impacted Ng, whom he has come to love. Quickly, he orders a massive sonic upload to be sent to space, and both watch the satellite explode. Believing her continued association with him will ruin her promising career, he insists that they should end their romantic relationship.  Carson, displeased that his satellite has been destroyed, confronts Gilcrest, who reminds him that the sky is meant to be shared by all, and Dixon, also incensed by Gilcrest's actions, threatens to prosecute him. When Gilcrest returns to Tracy's, she reads him a moving love letter from Woody. He tells her she belongs with her husband, and she encourages him to pursue Ng. Arriving home, Woody notices Gilcrest, tells him he knows he is Grace's father, and asks him if he slept with Tracy while he was away, to which he responds that he slept with Ng. As Tracy is cleaning up the living room, she notices Woody and they happily embrace each other, with Grace and Mitchell joining them.  Dixon soon realizes Gilcrest was being truthful about the satellite carrying a nuclear weapons payload, praises his actions, and reveals that authorities have arrested Carson and will soon be taking him into custody. Outside the hotel, Gilcrest finds Ng, who is preparing to leave, professes his love to her, and promises to await her return to Hawaii. Later that night, Gilcrest watches Grace dance during her hula class. She notices him nodding at her, suddenly realizing that he is her father. With tears of joy in her eyes, she runs outside and embraces him before returning to her class.
In the mid-18th century, the Leininger family immigrates from Germany to Penns Creek, Pennsylvania, building a farm there. When six Indian chiefs attempt to ally with Edward Braddock against the French, he mockingly dismisses them, leading the Indians to support the French instead.  One day in 1755, when Mrs. Leininger and John were away at the mill, the Indian brothers Galasko and Hannawoa assaulted the farm, burning it down and killing Mr. Leininger and Christian. They kidnap Barbara and Regina, placing them with a group of captured children, including their close friend Marie LeRoy. After a few days, the Indians march the captives away, dubbing Barbara "Susquehanna" and Regina "Tskinnak." They divide the hostages between warriors from two tribes at a crossroads, separating Regina from Barbara and Marie. In grief, Barbara attempts to escape by stealing a horse but is almost immediately recaptured. Though the Indians initially condemn her to burn alive, Galasko convinces Hannawoa and the others to spare her after she promises never to flee again. The Indians holding Barbara and Marie march their captives to the French Fort du Quesne.  In the massacre's aftermath, protests from the captives' families convince the Pennsylvania legislature to appropriate a defense bill. The raised militia assaults Fort du Quesne, causing the Indians to transfer most of the hostages deep into the forest, including Barbara and Marie. The Indians decide to execute a woman named Lydia Barrett for attempting to escape during the battle, during which she managed to hide her two sons for the militia to rescue. Not wanting her to die painfully by fire, a French officer shoots Barrett out of mercy after a scuffle with the Indians. After the conflict subsides, the Indians escort the captives to their village, dressing and painting them as Indians and assimilating them into their tribe.  Several years later, Barbara, now a teenager, learns Marie intends to escape with two other captives, Owen and David, but initially dismisses their plan as unworkable. However, when Galasko proposes marriage to her and gives her Mrs. Leininger's brooch, which he grabbed in the raid, Barbara remembers her past and agrees to Marie's plans. When the Indians schedule her wedding after a planned three-day hunt, Barbara, Marie, Owen, and David slip away at night. Hannwoa immediately discovers their absence and begins following them. The fugitives encounter a bear, which severely slashes David's leg after he shoots and attempts to charge it, scaring it away. Hannwoa angrily confronts Galasko over Barbara's betrayal, murdering him in his rage.  When the four fugitives make it to Fort Pitt, the British soldiers initially deny them help out of paranoia. Barbara desperately begs for help in German, making the soldiers realize they're telling the truth and agree to shelter them. Hannwoa appears, having caught up with the fugitives, and furiously engages the soldiers, killing several before Barbara kills him with a dead soldier's pistol. After spending a month at Fort Pitt, Barbara, Marie, Owen, and David travel to Philadelphia, reuniting with Mrs. Leininger and John. Barbara returns her mother's brooch to her, who informs her that Regina is still missing. Owen and David enlist in the Pennsylvania militia.  Several years later, Barbara married her friend Fritz Hecklinger and had two children with him. That year, Henry Muhlenberg informs the family on Christmas Eve that Colonel Armstrong has defeated the Indians in Ohio. As the British forced them to relinquish all war prisoners, he urged them to rush to Fort Carlisle. After arriving there, Owen informs them that David died in the Battle of Bushy Run. Barbara reassures him that Marie remains unmarried for him, and the lovers embrace. Unable to recognize Regina among the liberated children, Mrs. Leininger sings "Alone yet Not Alone" to them. The song rekindles Regina's memories and makes her run into her family's loving embrace.  Regina lived with her mother until they died, never married, and Stouchsburg erected a monument over their adjacent tombstones. Barbara eventually had a third child in Berks County and named her daughter after her sister. She died in 1805 in the Cumru Township.
In Upper Paleolithic Europe 20,000 years ago, a small tribe of hunter-gatherers prepare for a hunting expedition to hunt for the coming winter's food. Tau, its chief, trains his teenage son Keda, accepting him and Keda's friend Kappa to join the hunting party. His wife Rho worries that Keda is not ready, but Tau believes he is and the hunters set out.  Tau tests Keda by having him kill a wild boar they've caught, but Keda hesitates. One night, the party's fire draws the attention of a large cave lion, which lunges through their circle, snatching Kappa before anyone can do anything. Hearing the fatal struggle in the darkness, the tribe gives him up for dead. Kappa is given a memorial service in the form of a cairn to symbolize the passing of one's spirit to the afterlife.  The hunters eventually reach a herd of steppe bison, which they attempt to stampede off a cliff with relative success. Amidst the chaos, the bull rushes towards Keda and tosses him over the edge, leaving him gripping the rough cliff edge with his hand. Keda’s grip breaks and plummets to a further ledge where he appears to break his leg and is knocked unconscious. Tau attempts to climb down to him, but he is stopped by fellow hunter Sigma who assures him in good faith that Keda is dead and there would be no way to reach him anyway. The tribe leaves and Tau performs another funeral ritual, stricken with grief.  Keda is awoken by a vulture who mistakes him for dead. He kills the bird and tries to climb the rest of the way down the cliff. A sudden heavy rainfall causes the ravine below to flood. Keda sees this and jumps towards the flood to break his fall. He survives and splints his injured foot before returning to the top of the cliff. Seeing the memorial cairn left by his tribe, he realizes he must travel back to the village by himself.  Keda is later attacked and chased by a pack of ferocious wolves, but escapes up a tree and wounds one of the pack members which the others leave behind. Keda takes pity on it and cares for its injury. Gradually gaining the wolf's trust, he gives it food and water, establishing himself as dominant by feeding himself first. He sets out for the village without the wolf, but it follows him. Their relationship grows, and they learn to hunt animals together. Along the way, Keda names the wolf Alpha.  One night, they are approached menacingly by a pack of wolves. Upon seeing Alpha, who steps forward to greet them, they recognize Keda's companion. The pack runs off and with Keda's blessing, Alpha joins them. Keda continues his journey alone as the season changes into winter. On a frozen lake, he encounters a pack of wolves feeding on a carcass. Recognizing Alpha, he runs to them, but the ice breaks and he falls through. Alpha helps rescue him and they are reunited.  Continuing the journey together, they find a man who has frozen to death outside his tent and scavenge a bow and a single arrow from his body. Later, in the midst of a blizzard they take refuge from a pack of cave hyenas inside a cave. However, inside they are confronted and attacked by another cave lion, causing Alpha to violently fight the animal. Keda saves Alpha by using the bow to kill the lion with an arrow, although Alpha is badly wounded because of the fight and now travels with difficulty. Meanwhile, an equally injured Keda begins to cough up blood. When Alpha finally cannot walk, Keda carries the wolf.  Keda eventually finds his village although nearly passing out from exhaustion, and he reunites with his shocked but relieved parents who are amazed and proud of him. As the village healer tends to both Keda and Alpha's wounds, Alpha delivers a litter of puppies much to Keda's surprise, as Alpha is revealed to be female. Alpha and her pups are formally welcomed into the tribe and grow up in the care of Alpha and Keda. The final image of the film shows the tribe and their domesticated wolves, hunting together.
Outside a bar, Ruby Lin (Jamie Chung), an American children's toy designer temporarily in Hong Kong, makes plans over her phone to meet her friends at another bar. Overhearing that her phone doesn't have GPS and she is lost, American expat Josh Rosenberg (Bryan Greenberg) offers to walk her to her destination. As they walk and talk they find a connection sparking between them. Josh tells Ruby that he works in finance but longs to be a writer and she encourages him to quit his job to write a novel. Once they reach the location where Ruby is supposed to meet her friends, Ruby offers to stand them up to get a drink with Josh. At the bar he confesses to Ruby that he has a girlfriend and the reason he was outside the bar and overheard Ruby's conversation was because he had left his girlfriend inside doing birthday shots and flirting with other men. Ruby is infuriated and leaves.  A year later, aboard the Star Ferry, Josh spots Ruby and re-introduces himself hoping to apologize to her. He tells her that their conversation affected him profoundly and he has quit his job in finance to work as a writer over the past year. Ruby tells him that she has been living in Hong Kong for the past year due to a promotion that temporarily relocated her there. In the spirit of honesty, Josh tells Ruby he and his girlfriend are still together while Ruby tells Josh she also has a long-distance boyfriend. The two spend the night reconnecting and gradually feel themselves drifting together romantically once more. While slow dancing at a lounge, Josh is spotted by a friend of his girlfriend's and Ruby is upset, feeling that they have been emotionally cheating with one another. Josh and Ruby split a cab to go home, and Ruby admits to Josh that her boyfriend is actually her fiancé and she is leaving Hong Kong within the week. They both admit that they do not want to cheat with each other but have feelings for each other.  The two sit in the cab outside Ruby's apartment trying to decide what to do.
75-year-old Dr. Nathaniel Shellner has led an extraordinary life as a psychiatrist, working with traumatized patients fleeing war zones in refugee camps, earning himself a Nobel Prize for his work. After having one child, Leonard, with his wife, Lillian, the Shellners elect to adopt the remainder of their family from the camps where Dr. Shellner worked. Ultimately, the Shellners incorporated three children from all over the world into their family – Tommy, Julie, and Harry. As Dr. Shellner lies on his death bed on a frigid, icy day on the fringes of New York City in suburban New Jersey, the family convenes at the house where the couple raised the children for a final, bittersweet farewell to a sensational and inspiring public figure. Or, that's the idea, until all hell breaks loose after Tommy arrives and accuses his father of adopting his children, not out of concern for their future well-being, but to use them for some warped psychological experiment.   The proceedings from Tommy's accusation forward during the remainder of the evening offer a cocktail of incidents between the family members own interpersonal issues and a relentless exploration of the clues Tommy manufactures as evidence of his father's alleged wrongdoing. The allegations not only stun the family, they stir up anger and resentment, not only because of Dr. Shellner's failing health, but also because he has been held up as a paragon of selflessness and virtue not only within the family but from all his public recognition and numerous awards he was festooned with. As Tommy relentlessly pursues his own 'evidence' of his father's ostensible experiments with his children's minds and feelings, he simultaneously stirs up a whole load of simmering resentments, shifting alliances, and old traumas form the family's internal relations and dynamics.
Frankie is an Italian American pursuing a career as a singer-songwriter with her band while balancing her relationship with a man whose dream is to start a frozen food label. Frankie's life becomes interesting when she discovers a dead body in her rental car and turns it over to the police. Frankie lives with her sister Heather who is obsessed with the mob lifestyle. Heather convinces Frankie to go with her to the real-life mob boss's funeral. At the funeral Frankie meets Nicolette, a charming, confident, beautiful woman who, unbeknownst to Frankie, is the new mob boss's daughter. Heather invites Nicolette to come to watch Frankie perform. Nicolette wants to help Frankie and her band make it big by getting her to perform on the hit TV show Mob Hit. Nicolette and Frankie begin to spend more time together. Nicolette is into Frankie but Frankie is trying to process what kind of feelings she has for Nicolette, while being engaged to her longtime boyfriend. Meanwhile, a whole plot is slowly being uncovered on who tried to take out Nicolette's father and suspicions turn toward Frankie because she unknowingly knows people who are in the mob. Eventually it is revealed that Frankie's own father is a bookmaker for the mob boss, leaving Frankie feeling betrayed. However, Frankie is cleared of her association, and Nicolette and Frankie's romance is noticed by their families and Frankie's fiancé. At the end of the movie Frankie calls off her engagement to pursue her feelings for Nicolette and both women slowly try to gain the support of their parents.
Dave, the Chipmunks, and the Chipettes go on a cruise ship en route to the International Music Awards. Both parties end up creating trouble, culminating in Dave having dinner with the captain to apologize. He tells them to stay in their room, only for all of them, except Theodore, to escape to the casinos.   Dave discovers his former supervisor Ian Hawke is working as the ship's safety monitor dressed as a pelican, and is out to inform the captain if the Chipmunks and Chipettes stir up more trouble. The next day, Alvin decides to go para-sailing on a kite but the kite flies away with him and the other Chipmunks. Dave goes on a hang-glider to try to find them but Ian attempts to stop him, which results in them both ending up stranded in the Pacific Ocean.  Meanwhile, the Chipmunks find a deserted island and they sleep for the night. Dave enlists Ian's help to find the same island and begin looking for the Chipmunks. The next morning the Chipmunks go and find food and while doing so, come across the island castaway Zoe, who sees the chipmunks for the first time. They then go to Zoe's tree house where Eleanor sprains her ankle and Simon gets bitten by a spider; its side effects include personality changes and loss of inhibition.  The morning after, everyone observes Simon's personality changed where he thinks he is a French adventurous chipmunk named "Simone". "Simone" is attracted to Jeanette but does not take as kindly to Alvin and Brittany. Later, Zoe takes "Simone", Jeanette, Eleanor and Theodore to a lake with a waterfall and "Simone" finds a cave. He returns with a gold bracelet which he gives to Jeanette as a crown.   Brittany and Alvin see an active volcano the next day, so decide they must leave the island with the others. Theodore and "Simone" find Dave and Ian and meet up with the other chipmunks. They all begin to prepare a raft to get them off the island and everyone is assigned a job. When Jeanette and "Simone" go to look for food, "Simone" is knocked unconscious and Jeanette is kidnapped; "Simone" reverts back to Simon.  Everyone finds Simon awake and he cannot remember anything after the spider had bitten him. They discover that Zoe has taken Jeanette, so they head towards the waterfall. When they approach the tree log to cross, Dave and Alvin decide to go find Jeanette. As Zoe forces her to get the treasure in the cave by tying her to a rope, she reveals that she was never a castaway, but came to the island especially to find the treasure. However, living alone on the island for ten years wiped her memory and she is now ruthlessly willing to find the treasure at all costs.  Alvin and Dave come to Jeanette's rescue. The island begins to rumble again, Zoe lets go of the rope and Jeanette runs with Dave and Alvin back to the raft. When they reach the log to cross, Zoe grabs the rope and drags Jeanette back to her until Alvin cuts it with Dave's pocket knife (Swiss Army knife). Dave almost falls.  Alvin and a reformed Ian convince Zoe to help save Dave. They then run towards the raft and escape the eruption. While floating away, Zoe apologizes to Jeanette for kidnapping her and trying to force her to get the treasure. As a gift, Jeanette gives Zoe the gold bracelet that Simon had given to her. Alvin reconciles with Dave and they are rescued.   The Chipmunks and Chipettes perform at the International Music Awards. Ian also starts a new career as a screenwriter by selling a screenplay about Zoe's story to Hollywood, finally resurrecting his fortune and making Zoe famous. On the plane back to Los Angeles, Alvin tricks the other passengers into thinking they're going to Timbuktu, much to Dave's annoyance.
Alvin, Simon, and Theodore Seville, along with the Chipettes – Brittany, Jeanette, and Eleanor – have moved to a new house and set up a surprise birthday bash for Dave that also serves as a good luck/going-away party for the Chipettes, who are scheduled to be guest judges on American Idol. Alvin invites and hires many people and celebrities, much to Simon's dismay.   Though dissatisfied, Dave agrees to take them mini-golfing, where the Chipmunks meet Samantha, who he has been dating for the past few months. While the Chipmunks like Samantha, her son Miles physically abuses the trio. Later, the Chipmunks find an engagement ring in a bag Dave brought home and believe that he is going to propose to Samantha. Realizing in horror that Dave and Samantha getting married would make Miles their step-brother, they try to steal the ring, but are unsuccessful.  Dave has to produce a record for rising pop artist Ashley Grey in Miami, and decides to bring Samantha along with him. The Chipmunks and Miles are staying together, but they agree to head to Miami to sabotage the supposed marriage proposal. The Chipmunks drug three squirrels and dress them up in their clothes from stuffed toys to fool their next door neighbor Ms. Price, who was asked to peek in on them.   They travel on a plane, but Theodore lets out a monkey, which then lets out several animals, leading to an emergency landing in Austin, Texas, and frustrates unscrupulous Air Marshal James Suggs, who is revealed to resent the Chipmunks because his girlfriend dumped him on Christmas for being obsessed with them at the time, effectively eliminating his shot of becoming an FBI agent, so he puts them on the No-Fly List (except for Miles).  The Chipmunks perform at a bar, but are caught by Suggs. Alvin starts a bar fight, so they can escape. They jump into a taxi cab, but the driver ejects them for not having money. Resting against an old tree, Miles reveals that his father left him when he was five years old, causing the four to bond and see each other differently. They raise money busking to take a bus to New Orleans, and perform at the Mardi Gras parade, which draws Dave's attention as it is broadcast on live television. It also allows the Chipmunks to cause Suggs, who has followed them, to get drunk on moonshine.  Dave and Samantha find Miles and the Chipmunks at Louis Armstrong New Orleans International Airport, who punish them for sneaking out and not responding to numerous missed calls and texts from Dave. With the Chipmunks now on the No-Fly List, Dave has to drive them. When they arrive in Miami, Alvin reveals that he stole the ring from the container, thus sabotaging the proposal.   However, since Miles has grown to care about the Chipmunks during their trip, he is upset and hurt that they are celebrating over this, thinking they just don't want to have him around. Crossing the street with his headphones on, he is nearly hit by a car, but the Chipmunks swing Theodore pushing Miles out of the way, saving his life. They agree to give the ring back.  During the dinner, Suggs catches up with the Chipmunks, but they trap him in an elevator. Miles and the Chipmunks return the ring to Dave, saying that they accept Samantha and Miles into the family, but Dave reveals the ring belonged to his friend Barry, who was proposing to his girlfriend, Alice.   As one final apology, they try making it up to Dave by singing a new song to him at the launch party with the help of the Chipettes, Ashley and Miles. They also return the ring to Barry, who reattempts his proposal to Alice, and this time, Alice accepts. Having forgiven them, Dave officially adopts the Chipmunks as his sons, although is frustrated by the squirrels having destroyed the house. Meanwhile, Suggs is freed from the elevator and decides to relax by the pool, only for two security guards to carry him out as he's not a hotel guest.
Sasha Tran and Marcus Kim are childhood friends who grow up next door to each other in San Francisco. As Sasha's Vietnamese-immigrant/refugee parents regularly leave her home alone while they tend to their store, Marcus' parents often have her over for dinner, and Marcus' Korean-American mother Judy teaches her to cook.   Eventually Sasha and Marcus form a close friendship that carries on into their teenage years, but this is broken after his mother dies in an accident. Grieving, the two have sex but a wedge is driven between them when they argue shortly afterwards and they fall out of touch.  Sixteen years later, Sasha is a celebrity chef and engaged to Brandon Choi, a successful restaurateur. Marcus is still in San Francisco living with his widowed father and performs in a talented but largely unsuccessful band that only plays in his neighborhood. He also has a girlfriend Jenny, an Asian American woman with dreadlocks. Sasha breaks up with Brandon after he delays their wedding yet again. Briefly moving back to the Bay Area to oversee the opening of a new restaurant, she has a chance encounter with Marcus when he and his father are hired to install air conditioning at her temporary home.  After initial friction, they reconnect and become friends again, and Marcus admits to his father he still has feelings for Sasha. But before he can tell her, Sasha announces she has met someone new, and they wind up on a disastrous double date with Marcus' girlfriend and Sasha's new love interest: movie star Keanu Reeves. The long evening ultimately dissolves into chaos as Sasha confesses her longtime childhood crush on Marcus, a brawl breaks out between Marcus and Keanu, and Jenny ends up staying with Keanu for the night. Afterwards Marcus and Sasha have sex.  Sasha and Marcus then begin seeing each other, with Marcus reacquainting Sasha with the home and San Francisco Asian community she had distanced herself from, still harboring resentment of her absentee parents. He takes her to an old favorite Cantonese restaurant from their childhood, which Sasha remembers as terrible but discovers is delicious, marred only by her painful memories.   As Sasha reconnects to the city and the two fall in love, Marcus is taken aback to learn that, as planned, she still intends to move on to New York for her next project, once the San Francisco restaurant has launched. When Sasha asks Marcus to join her, he refuses and she leaves San Francisco alone.  Taken to task by both his father and his bandmates, Marcus realizes that his mother's death has made him scared to move on in life. He then moves out of his childhood home and takes steps to make his band more successful. He calls Sasha regularly with updates but, not receiving any reply, does not pursue her further until he discovers she is secretly supporting his musical ambitions. This emboldens Marcus to surprise Sasha on the red carpet at an awards show in Manhattan, asking for her to take him back and pledging to be wherever she is. She accepts. Reunited, Sasha takes Marcus to the New York restaurant she has been developing: it is named for and features Judy's recipes.
Beth (Caitlin FitzGerald) is an actress who is finally beginning to have commercial success appearing in cinematic thrillers and beer commercials  which routinely require nudity. She plans a weekend getaway to Big Sur with her best friend Anna (Mackenzie Davis), a struggling actress who works for free in student films.  On the way to Big Sur, Beth is recognized by a fan. Anna soon discovers that Beth has been featured in the "Young Hollywood" edition of a popular magazine. Later that day, the two women have a conversation, during which Anna reveals that she broke up with her boyfriend after getting angry with his boss, and shoving him rather aggressively.  Anna and Beth go to a bar where Anna flirts with an older man who abruptly loses interest when Beth leaves. He then surreptitiously finds Beth alone and asks her out, which Anna sees, and she then cries herself to sleep.  The next day, Anna helps Beth practice for an upcoming audition, when it's made obvious that Anna is the better actress. They then go hiking in the woods, where they encounter Beth's director friend who has wanted to cast Anna in his upcoming short film. Anna is unhappy to learn that Beth was already aware of this offer but neglected to mention it to her. Beth accuses Anna of looking at her with contempt, and the two separate.  While walking back to their rented cottage, Beth is given a ride home by a bartender. After returning to the cottage, Beth calls her boyfriend to tell him about what happened, and that Anna is envious of her, even though Beth acknowledges that Anna is the better actress. She also reveals that she has lied about sending Anna's reel to her agent, and insults Anna. Overhearing the conversation, Anna physically attacks Beth, who flees into the woods with Anna in pursuit, where the altercation continues.  The next day, Anna begins to dress in Beth's clothes and acts demurely, much like Beth. She begins to see Beth (as Anna). Anna (as Beth) returns to the bar where she encounters the bartender, who mistakes her for Beth. The two flirt, and spend the next day together.  The following evening, while the bartender and Anna are having dinner at the home of his friends and later at a club, Anna sees Beth (who is now much like Anna) approaching her and flees into the woods. She has flashbacks of their fight in the woods, where Anna, in a rage, chased Beth, knocked her to the ground and fatally strangled her. The following morning, Anna awakens in the woods. As she returns to the house, Anna sees Beth's boyfriend with police officers wheeling away a body found in the woods.
The movie starts with Eli (Brendon Huor) fleeing through the woods with Jamie (Mickey Facchinello), who is holding a camera. Jamie stops when she realizes that Eli has disappeared. She searches for him, but instead spots The Operator (Doug Jones), a tall, faceless creature in a suit. She reaches and starts the car, but is blocked by Eli standing still in front of it. He suddenly rushes to Jamie's door and bashes his head through the door's window, before dragging Jamie out of the car and pulling her to the ground. A loud crack is heard before the tape abruptly cuts off.  Milo (Chris Marquette) is a member of a news reporting team and has a crush on his coworker, Sara (Alexandra Breckenridge). However, Charlie (Jake McDorman), an Ivy League graduate, has just transferred to the team, upsetting Milo and his chances of getting with Sara. The three are tasked with investigating the mysterious disappearance of a man named Dan (Michael Bunin). Milo is tasked with investigating a series of Mini-DVR tapes that Dan shot. After some analysis, he begins finding images of the Operator in the tapes.  While watching the tapes, he is struck by an odd power outage. Eventually, Milo finds the Operator Symbol, a circle with an "x" through it, engraved into his neck. Then, the Operator appears in his backyard. Milo demands that he leave, but he instead teleports closer to Milo, and Milo reenters his house. He eventually flees to Sara's home, interrupting her and a shirtless Charlie, which angers Charlie. Charlie eventually forces a screaming Milo out of the house. He refuses to go home and decides to sleep in his car.  The following day, he returns home and finds Charlie in an upstairs bedroom. Charlie angrily confronts Milo over the months of footage he has of Sara going about her day. Sara comes in and is disgusted by what she sees, and Milo begins to panic. Charlie refuses to let him touch a camera, and Milo then tells him to grab the camera and look around. Through the camera, Charlie sees the closet door flying open, and The Operator rushing towards him. Charlie panics and drops the camera, and all three take off from the house.  Later, they turn the camera on to find an Operator Symbol inside Milo's car. The three go on the run, trying to escape the Operator and find out what happened to Dan and his family. Eventually, Charlie's informant tells him that Dan used his money to purchase a home in a new location. However, they discover that the house has been burnt down. They locate a storm shelter with a working camera feed that caught everything going on in the house. The feed reveals that Dan smothered his daughter Tara (Morgan Bastin) before being killed himself by his wife Rose (Alexandra Holden), who then burned the house down.  They then go to the local sheriff (George Back), who informs them that Rose survived the fire and that she is locked up in an asylum. The three manage to contact Rose, who proceeds to calmly inform them that she believes the monster came into their life because Dan became interested in it. However, when she sees the Operator Symbol on Sara's arm, she attacks her. Sara, Milo, and Charlie are forced to leave while medical staff restrains Rose.  Completely out of options, they decide to make a last stand in a cabin. After setting the whole place up with cameras, Milo notices that the camera picked up a detail he missed at the hospital: Rose's mark was gone. The crew is then attacked by The Operator. Milo hangs himself, believing that if he dies, Charlie and Sara will be safe. The Operator seemingly leaves after Milo dies, but Milo's dead body suddenly rises from the ground like a zombie. It grabs a pipe and beats Charlie to death before catching and killing Sara. Milo then falls to the floor, his eyes a solid white. Moments later, The Operator appears, and his movements seemingly loop. He then vanishes, and Milo's eyes return to normal.  The movie ends with Dan and Rose leaving a sale, where Dan has purchased a camera with a "college project tape" inside, presumably a tape from the student film-within-a-film of the original Marble Hornets webseries.
The film depicts events that occurred after Amanda Knox moved to Perugia, Italy, in September 2007, as a foreign exchange student attending language classes at the University for Foreigners.  Knox shares a flat in a cottage with Meredith Kercher, a British student, and two Italian women, Filomena and Laura. In October, Knox meets Raffaele Sollecito, an Italian student of computer engineering, at a classical music concert, and they start dating.  On November 1, Kercher is found stabbed to death in her bedroom. Police question both Knox and Sollecito. Meanwhile, the chief prosecutor of Perugia, Giuliano Mignini, discusses the case with the coroner and forensic investigators from Rome. The coroner mentions that multiple bruises were found on Kercher's body, which could indicate a struggle between Kercher and her murderer.  The prosecutor inquires whether more than one person could have been involved in the fatal attack.  During Sollecito's interrogation, he is informed by police that telephone records indicate he has called the emergency number after the Polizia Postale arrived on the day Kercher's body was discovered. He asserts that Knox told him to say that she was not with him at the time of the murder, and that he had not "thought about the contradictions" in his alibi.  Police ask Knox to explain a text message that has been found on her cell phone. The officers claim that Knox had left the message for her employer, pub owner Patrick Lumumba, on the night of the murder to tell him she would meet him later. Several hours later, Knox states that she had met Lumumba in a local square, that they had gone to the cottage with Kercher, and that Lumumba had entered Kercher's room before her death.  Knox, Sollecito and Lumumba are arrested. Under police interrogation, his face swollen with bruises, Lumumba insists he is innocent. Some days later, he is released when a university professor reveals that he had been with him at a pub, and could not have been at the cottage at the time of the murder. Knox's parents travel to Italy to help their daughter, and hire lawyers to defend her.  The forensics team finds a bloody fingerprint at the crime scene that does not match the prints of either Knox or Sollecito. The resulting manhunt leads to the arrest of Rudy Guede, originally from the Côte d'Ivoire, whom Knox and Kercher had met weeks earlier. Guede later goes to trial and is found guilty of murder and sexual assault. Knox and Sollecito are indicted in the same court judgment.  Knox and Sollecito are tried jointly in 2009 on the charges of murder, sexual assault, staging a crime scene, and transporting a lethal knife. Luminol tests in the cottage hallway reveal footprints approximately the size of Knox's feet. DNA experts testify that Knox's blood was found on a bathroom tap, mixed with Kercher's. In Sollecito's apartment, police found a large kitchen knife with Knox's DNA on the handle. The prosecution insists that Knox had argued with Kercher and stabbed her, as presented in an hypothetical flashback set in Kercher's room.  The chief forensics investigator testifies that Sollecito's DNA was found on a metal clasp severed from the back strap of Kercher's bra (presented as being cut off with a knife in the flashback). Sollecito's attorney asks when the bra clasp was discovered. The investigator replies that it was photographed on the first day after the murder, but only collected 47 days later, during which time it had been moved from its original position and passed between the various members of the forensics team. Although the attorney claims that this small amount of DNA is possibly the result of contamination, the investigator replies that, with the exception of the clasp, only a cigarette butt in the kitchen held Sollecito's DNA, stating, "DNA does not fly around".  Eventually, in December 2009, the jury delivers a verdict of guilty: Knox is sentenced to 26 years in prison, Sollecito to 25 years. Knox's father reassures his daughter that he and her mother will appeal the verdict in a new trial. The film closes with a caption stating that the parents of the real-life Knox have both been charged with criminal slander for claiming that police had abused their daughter, and that they face three years' imprisonment if found guilty.  Note: The film is now shown with an amendment noting the subsequent acquittal of Knox and Sollecito on appeal.
Guy Carter (Jason Biggs) is an unemployed architect struggling to make ends meet. With bills piling up, his wife Anne (Jenny Mollen) finds a job posting on Craigslist for a driver and sends Guy, against his will, for the job. Guy then goes for the interview expecting to be a pizza driver but finds himself as a chauffeur for a prostitute named Nikki (Janet Montgomery).  Nikki tells Guy that their first stop would be a regular of hers, a kinky doctor in Bel Air (Steven Weber). She tells Guy to wait in the car for her but when she doesn't respond for hours, Guy decides to break into the house. He finds Nikki in a compromising bondage position and thinks that the doctor is torturing Nikki, and tries to rescue her by spraying him with air freshener. They both then flee from the scene after the doctor falls over the ground and hits his head.  Guy is horrified by the situation but is calmed down by Nikki. She then informs him about the duties that came with the job and that he gets a cut of the "take", which prompts Guy to now be very interested in the job. They then proceed to pick up two other prostitutes, Jaxi (Bria Murphy) and Fallon (Ashley Tisdale), for a bachelor party. At the house, Guy is ordered to wash the "hardware," referring to a large bag filled with very messy sex toys.  The four then head to a fancy hotel in Beverly Hills for the bachelor party. The party is filled with over excited testosterone-driven former frat boys. The girls then appoint Guy to play "pimp" to get the frat boys in line. What follows is various strip teases and sexually explicit dancing, followed by a "main event," involving Fallon ejaculating directly on Guy.  Guy leaves the party momentarily when Anne goes into false labor. To his dismay, he runs into the doctor he assaulted, who ends up holding him hostage with a syringe filled with a paralyzing drug, and orders Guy to take him to Nikki. At their arrival, the doctor's plans are foiled when Nikki causes him to stab himself with the syringe. The bachelor party then resumes at full speed but comes to a halt when the girls find themselves robbed. The girls then hold the entire bachelor party at gun point, demanding the return of their money. They chase the culprit down long halls and end up urinating on him before taking back their money.  As they leave the hotel, one of the bachelor party guy approaches Nikki and asks for a "quickie." It is then revealed that he is an undercover cop and he attempts to arrest Nikki. This prompts Guy to once again rescue her and they are caught in a cop car chase. The four manage to escape the cops but end up crashing Guy's car. They continue to escape on a bus.   They return, exhausted, to their homes in the early morning. Nikki thanks Guy by hiring him to design a house for her and tells him the "hardware" will be awaiting him for the next round. Guy expects arresting cops to be at his house but it turns out his car was found by "repo men" and hauled away before the cops could find it.  Being based on a true story, the credits play over scenes that actually took place.
Mid-level drug dealers Eddie and Frank grow restless with their limited growth potential and set up a meeting with their supplier, Madsen.  Instead of negotiating, Frank impulsively murders Madsen and takes his cocaine.  Eddie's excitement quickly turns to apprehension when he hears about Madsen's death, but Frank talks him into bluffing their way back into drug lord Vincent Camastra's good graces.  At the same time, dirty cop Jack Reiley investigates the murder and is annoyed when DEA agent Maxwell takes over the investigation.  As Frank attempts to save his relationship with his naive girlfriend, Ashley, Reiley violently bullies his informants for information, and Camastra sends assassins to kill Eddie.  After Eddie engages in a brief gunfight with the assassins, Camastra himself beats Eddie unconscious.  Ashley, who has become suspicious of Frank's secretive lifestyle, is shocked when Kathy and Beverly, Eddie's friends,  interrupt them to explain that Camastra has kidnapped Eddie.  Beverly, an undercover DEA agent, is in a relationship with Maxwell, who is concerned that she has gone too deep.  However, she protests when he requests that she abandon the case.  Beverly and Maxwell expand their investigation to include Reiley, but they are forbidden from taking action until they can also get Camastra.  Frustrated, they bide their time until Camastra makes his move.  Frank visits Camastra, and Eddie successfully buys them two days time to pay Camastra back.  At the nightclub Frank owns, Reiley attempts to blackmail him, only to be shot in his hand and left on the side of the road.  Unable to explain his predicament, Reiley is put on unpaid leave and learns that Internal Affairs is preparing a case against him.  Forced to abandon his plans to retire comfortably, Reiley becomes even more unstable and kidnaps Ashley.  He breaks into Eddie's apartment, takes Kathy and Beverly hostage, and waits for Frank and Eddie to return.  As Maxwell and his team race to the apartment, Frank and Eddie discuss their future plans.  Frank wants to retire from the criminal life; Eddie, while wishing Frank well, says that he will stay in the business and take over.  Frank admits that he will miss the excitement, but he wants a normal life with Ashley, whom he plans to marry.  Frank, Eddie, and the DEA agents all enter the apartment within minutes of each other.  Panicked, Reiley kills several people, including Eddie and Ashley.  In the chaos, Beverly sets Kathy free, and Reiley and Frank escape.  Maxwell corners Reiley, and they face off against each other; reinforcements arrive just as Maxwell subdues Reiley.  In the last scene, Frank mourns the loss of Ashley and speculates on what he will do next, now that both his main plan and backup plan have been ruined.
Charlie (Bobby Kennedy) is an American hard-partying slacker and recent college graduate whose wealthy parents (Alec Baldwin and Catherine Mary Stewart) cut him off with a cheque for $5000 and an ultimatum to get a job. Instead, eager to explore Europe, he buys a plane ticket to Italy. On the plane, he meets the self-proclaimed "King" of Bologna, Lele (Lele Gabellone), who tells him he is welcome to stay with him, also making a strong impression by joining the mile high club with the woman he just met, Alessia ().  Just out of the airport in Rome, Charlie is accosted and robbed by three Neapolitan mafia men: Vito (Vito Facciolla),  Jaroslav (), and "Il Nero" (). Charlie manages to get away from them, fleeing in their pickup truck. Not knowing what else to do (he speaks no Italian and has nowhere to go), he heads to Bologna to take the "King" up on his offer.  Lele takes Charlie under his wing and introduces him to his eccentric group of friends, like Badoo (), a scraggly "gutter punk" (punkabbestia), and "Il Pisa" (), an insatiable whoremonger. Charlie moves in and picks up where he left off in the US, living each day as if it were his last. Lele teaches Charlie the subtle techniques of Italian seduction, throws all-night parties, and generally causes chaos. Charlie is a good student and meets and charms two lovely ladies, the dangerously beautiful Valentina (Alessandra Mastronardi) and all-American beauty Vicky (Eva Amurri).  thumb|140px|Giancarlo Giannini in 2000  Thanks to Charlie's swaggering immaturity and some cultural misunderstanding, he incurs the wrath of mafiosi Don Ferracane (Giancarlo Giannini), Valentina's father, and Don Farina (Ernesto Mahieux) the boss of the three men Charlie clashed with in Rome. It turns out the van Charlie escaped in had something important belonging to the ill-tempered Don Farina, who, exasperated with his underboss Vito, threatens to kill him unless he produces results. Vito threatens Jaroslav and Il Nero in turn and the trio finally track Charlie to Bologna...
Spencer Reinhard, an art student seeking excitement or tragedy for inspiration, is given a tour of Transylvania University library's rare-book collection; his eye is drawn to a rare first edition of John James Audubon's Birds of America. He and his friend Warren Lipka, a rebellious student on an athletic scholarship at the University of Kentucky, discuss the possibility of stealing it and other rare books.Scott, A. O., "In ‘American Animals,’ These Guys Didn’t Visit the Library to Study" , The New York Times, May 30, 2018.  They note that the collection is guarded by only one librarian, whom they believe they could easily overpower before stealing the books and escaping via the staff elevator. Warren travels to Amsterdam to meet black-market buyers who express interest, informing Spencer they could make millions. They later enlist the help of two friends: Eric Borsuk to provide logistics and Chas Allen as the getaway driver.  They make an appointment for a private viewing of the collection in order to gain access to the room, and arrive disguised as elderly businessmen; but they abort the heist when Warren sees multiple librarians in the room. Spencer wants to abandon the plan, but Warren persuades him and the others to try again the next day. Spencer acts as a lookout as Warren and Eric, without disguises, enter the library. Warren clumsily uses a stun gun on the librarian, making Eric help restrain her. They blunder to the exit, dropping The Birds of America, but escape with two books.  The group travels to Christie's auction house in New York to get the authentication of value Warren said the Dutch buyers required. Spencer is told he has to return the next day and leaves his cell phone number with an assistant. Chas berates Spencer for using a phone number that can be identified as his, and they return to Lexington with the books. Shortly after, Spencer realizes the police will also be able to trace the email address they used to make the appointments with Christie's and the library; the FBI eventually does, and they are arrested.  In documentary interviews with the real-life thieves filmed years after they are released from prison, they express regret. Spencer suspects Warren lied about going to Amsterdam in order to convince the others to partake in the heist. Eric and Chas now live in California as a writer and a fitness coach, respectively; Warren studies filmmaking in Philadelphia; and Spencer lives in Lexington as an artist.
Mitch Rapp and his girlfriend Katrina Harper are on vacation in Ibiza, Spain. Moments after Katrina accepts Mitch's proposal of marriage, a jihadist cell lands on the beach and begins to attack the civilians with rifles. Amid the carnage, Rapp frantically attempts to find Katrina, but his fiancée is killed by the terrorists.  Eighteen months later, Rapp, now consumed by his desire for vengeance, trains himself intensively in martial arts and marksmanship, and he frequents an internet message board where the terrorist responsible for his girlfriend's murder quizzes Rapp on aspects of Islam and jihad. Having secured an invitation to meet him face to face in Libya, Rapp prepares to take his vengeance on the man responsible for his girlfriend's death, but before he can kill the terrorist, the cell is suddenly ambushed by U.S. Special Forces, and the terrorist he was after was killed in the ambush. Rapp was then dragged away by the U.S. forces. In a CIA facility, Rapp undergoes 30 days of debriefing before being offered a chance by CIA Deputy Director Irene Kennedy to join a black operations unit code-named Orion, led by Stan Hurley, a former Navy SEAL and a Cold War veteran who trains Rapp and the other potential recruits.  Meanwhile, intelligence reported that weapons grade nuclear material has disappeared from a decommissioned Russian nuclear facility. The material in question appears to be heading to Iranian hardliners, who are upset with the Iranian government's nuclear deal with the U.S. While verifying the sale of the nuclear material in Poland the plutonium is intercepted by a third party, who eliminates the sellers before vanishing into the crowd. In Virginia, Hurley sees news reports and tentatively identifies the perpetrator as a former Orion operative believed to have been killed in action and now going by the codename "Ghost". Hurley's team is sent into Turkey to intercept the buyer Ghost is working for.  In Istanbul, Hurley's team is identified, Victor is killed by Ghost, and fails to intercept the trigger device. Rapp pursues the seller to his apartment, and after killing the man, retrieves his laptop. The information leads the team to Rome, where Orion operatives identify a nuclear physicist needed to craft the nuclear material into a functional nuclear weapon. Rapp uncovers a co-worker, Annika, as a foreign agent for Iran. She explains that she is working for the mainstream Iranian faction which is attempting to stop the hardliners from acquiring nuclear material. During a meeting between Hurley and an Iranian contact, Ghost ambushes them, kills the contact, and captures Hurley.  At the CIA safe house, Annika is being moved under guard by two Mossad agents when Rapp intercepts the car and frees her. Working together, they locate the subterranean headquarters Ghost is using to build the nuclear device. After infiltrating the tunnels, Rapp locates and frees Hurley. Annika is captured by Ghost and used as a hostage, so she kills herself to give Rapp a chance to kill Ghost. However, Ghost escapes onto a boat with the nuke. Hurley deduces that Ghost intends to make a kamikaze attack against the U.S. Navy's Sixth Fleet. Rapp chases after Ghost's boat, while the Sixth Fleet, alerted to the impending nuclear attack through CIA channels, prepares for the attack.  Aboard Ghost's boat, Rapp kills Ghost and attempts to divert the boat away from the Sixth Fleet to shield the ships from the blast, before throwing the nuclear weapon into the sea and escaping aboard a Navy rescue helicopter sent by Irene to rescue Hurley. Seconds later the device detonates, creating a massive sinkhole and subsequent tsunami that inundates the Sixth Fleet vessels, but the fleet survives the blast.  In the aftermath of the blast, Hurley is recovering from his injuries and notes that Rapp is on vacation in Dubai, while watching news reports indicating that the Iranian faction that tried to obtain the nuclear weapon will win the presidential election and is blaming the nuclear attack on the CIA. In Dubai, the faction candidate and his escorts enter an elevator in which Rapp is already present.
American Dream/American Knightmare is a documentary about the life and career of gangsta rap producer and Death Row Records co-founder Suge Knight. The film includes interviews conducted by Fuqua with Knight between December 2011 and November 2012 in which Knight details how it all came about as well as how it all fell apart.
Cam (Jim Gaffigan) is an employee for a vehicle for hire company who struggles to make ends meet. Particularly, Cam is having difficulty making child support payments, which could mean losing the ability to see his son. Cam gets the opportunity to chauffeur a low-level drug dealer named Mazz (Robbie Jones) for extra money. However, his increasing financial problems force him to make a rash and desperate decision: kidnap Mazz's infant child and demand a ransom. Cam quickly realizes that he is in way over his head, but there's no turning back.
Jack Curry is an American man child who takes a job driving Nigerian celebrities to the G.I.A.M.A Awards to impress his boss Kate (Anita Chris). Along his journey he tries to become friends with actor Jim Iyke, who wants to be left alone.
Young Gitty, an 11-year-old girl living on a farm in 1980s rural America, tries not to worry about her family losing the farm and seeks to escape the stress of her home by exploring the farm and its lands. She is shocked to discover, however, that the developer buying up local farms is now seemingly being kept prisoner in the family's old abandoned grain silo at the edge of the farm. Gitty begins spending time with the man, ultimately finding herself torn between loyalty to what she thinks is right, and loyalty to her own family. All is not as it may seem, though, as the family finds itself involved with individuals who are like something out of a fairy tale.
James, a man with nothing to lose, owes his life to his older brother Frankie, who took the rap for a crime they did together. While Frankie served time, James worked to turn his life around, he manages to get a job as a mechanic, and begins courting his girlfriend Emily, a police dispatcher. Now, Frankie is released and back on the streets and pulls his brother into a heist to serve as wheel man.  Initially James refuses. The heist is planned by Frankie's associates Sugar and Ray whose anti-banking rhetoric, violent streak, and elaborate planning have James unwilling to participate. He instead suggests the brothers break ties and flee.  Frankie is unable to do this because he is indebted to his associates from his time in prison.  During the beginning of his incarceration, Frankie admits that he suffered sexual abuse and humiliation until he fell under the protection of Ray and Sugar and alludes that he would likely not have survived without them.  Frankie also informs James that he had mentioned Emily to them as their friendship developed and alludes, she may be in danger if James does not participate in the heist. The brothers spend the next few days bonding, and James tearfully ends his relationship with Emily, hoping to put distance between them.  On the morning of the robbery, the crew is met by a fifth member, Spoonie, who helps initiate several distractions around the city.  They then enter the bank planning to gain access to the vault with access codes obtained earlier.  The heist proceeds as planned until an eyewitness walking towards the bank sees Frankie through a window and then notices James parked in a car.  She flees to a nearby store to call the authorities.  As sirens close in, James enters the bank to inform the group that they have less time than planned. As they begin to move Spoonie is nowhere to be found and it becomes apparent that he had taken the getaway vehicle and fled, stranding them in the bank as police take positions around it.  As the group struggles to come up with a new plan, Frankie initiates a shootout with police, saving James' life and taking a bullet to the abdomen. As Sugar and Ray lay down suppressing fire, James breaks into a nearby car and hot wires it. The group takes a hostage and makes it to the car, but James returns to the bank when he realizes Frankie is being left behind. He discovers his brother contemplating suicide, and Frankie makes it clear he has no intention of going back to prison.  The brothers stall for time as their associates are gunned down one by one as they flee the police. Seeing no other way out, Frankie attacks James, renders him unconscious, and proceeds to dress him in the clothes of a hostage. James regains consciousness just as Frankie exits the bank with him disguised as a hostage.  Emily, working from the police dispatch center, looks on in disbelief as she recognizes a bloody James and unmasked Frankie.  A police sniper kills Frankie on live news and James is ushered into an ambulance, where he attacks the paramedic and discreetly makes an escape in the rain.  As the paramedic regains consciousness and calls it in over the government radio, the call is routed to Emily, who gets up and leaves her workstation. James takes a moment to relax while he sits down on a trolley as the film ends.
Lucille, a crippled man who is in a wheelchair from injuries sustained in the Gulf War, searches New Orleans for his friend Melvin so a documentary crew can follow Melvin.  They find him passed out on the street.  Melvin, an alcoholic and drug abuser, is in a downward spiral and spends most of his time partying with his friends.  His estranged ex-wife, Doreen, has filed a restraining order against him and taken sole custody of their young son, Rex.  Lucille wants Melvin to clean up and get sober, but Melvin only makes empty promises to eventually get his life together.  Lucas, a science teacher at the local community college, performs regular tests on Melvin, who has telekinetic powers – the ability to move objects with his mind. Lucas can not explain this except that Melvin has a slightly different brain structure than ordinary people.  Melvin will not see a specialist despite Lucas' urging. Besides Lucas' tests, Melvin uses his powers to perform street shows for drug money.  Lucille, however, blames the local drug dealer, Nathan, of being behind violence in the neighborhood and does not like him.  This is echoed by Jimmy, a local cop.  After a night of hard partying, Melvin's heart stops.  When he wakes, the doctors tell him that he was clinically dead for several minutes.  Changed by this experience, Melvin announces that he intends to become sober for the sake of Rex.  Impressed, Jimmy requests that Melvin help clean up the neighborhood.  After practicing his abilities with Lucille, and despite Lucas's urging that he isn't ready, Melvin confronts Nathan's gang and threatens them.  Nathan has Lucille shot in retaliation.  After Lucille tells him to leave him alone, Melvin falls back into alcoholism, terrorizing nearby people and destroying houses. Melvin in a depressive stupor, buys drugs and parties with a friend who was recently released from jail, falling back where he started.  Nathan sends his men to kill Melvin and his friends, but Melvin protects them by stopping the bullets.  After seeing Nathan sell drugs to children, Melvin goes sober again and reconciles with Lucille. Together, they resume with Melvin's training, concluding with him being able to disassemble a car and reassemble it with ease.   After visiting Jimmy and telling him to ignore any calls he receives about Nathan. Melvin attacks Nathan and his gang by launching cars and scrap metal at them and violently disassembling their firearms using his newly sharpened telekinetic abilities. Ending the confrontation with Melvin chasing Nathan into a building before bringing it all crashing down around them both, chasing the rest of Nathan's gang out of town, putting an end to their drug dealing.   Afterwards, Melvin as a token of their renewed friendship and as thanks for his teachings, unveils a new, sporty wheelchair he created for Lucille.  Afterward, Melvin approaches Doreen despite the risk of being arrested for violating the restraining order, hands her a large sum of money in child support, and requests to be able to take Rex home from school.  Although skeptical, Doreen agrees, Melvin and his son Rex are seen riding together on a bike on the way home from school, enjoying each other's company.
Star is living in Muskogee, Oklahoma. She lives a painful life, caring for two children that aren't hers and living with their sexually abusive father, Nathan. While trying to hitchhike home one day, she spies a van full of young people and makes eye contact with Jake, one of the boys in the group. Star follows them to a local Kmart and sees Jake dance to "We Found Love" on top of the registers before being forced out of the store. Star returns Jake's phone, as it had fallen out of his pocket, and he offers her a job as part of their magazine sales crew, telling her to come with him to Kansas City. Star declines but Jake nevertheless tells her to meet them in the parking lot of the local Motel 6 the next morning.  Packing her belongings while Nathan is in another room, Star secretly escapes and takes the children to the club where their stepmother Misty dances. Star confronts Misty and tells her it's her turn to care for the kids, and though Misty refuses, Star runs away from the club to the motel and sleeps outside the crew's van until morning.  Star is interviewed by the crew's leader, Krystal, who hires her after she establishes that Star is a legal person, that no one will miss her, and that she promises to work hard. In the car on the way to Kansas, Star meets the other members of the crew. When they get there, they disperse into groups of two. Since Star is new, she is paired with Jake, the veteran of the group. Star finds it difficult to sell as Jake lies to a potential customer in order to make money. Star also distracts Jake by flirting with and eventually kissing him. That night, Krystal calls Star in and tells her that Jake has posted his lowest sales ever. Krystal then has Jake put tanning lotion on her body as Star watches, and Star promises to improve.  The following day, annoyed by Jake, Star vows to outsell him. Star is picked up by three strangers in cowboy hats who offer to help her, thinking she is being harassed by Jake. The trio bring her to their home and offer to buy several subscriptions if she eats the worm at the bottom of a bottle of mezcal. Star does, and makes the sale. Jake, however, fearing the worst, arrives and threatens the men with a gun before stealing their car. Initially angry at Jake, Star is later touched that he came to find her, and the two have sex in the car. When they return to the hotel for the evening, Jake tells her not to mention their relationship, and he gives the money Star earned to Krystal.  For a while, things between Jake and Star are tense, and Krystal threatens to drop her on the side of the road if she keeps causing trouble. The crew ends up living temporarily in a rundown house, and Jake and Star renew their relationship. Star asks him what his dreams are, and he shows her his private stash of cash and items he's stolen from the houses he visits, which he intends to use to buy a home.  Krystal dumps the girls off where oil workers are about to go to work in the morning. Star climbs in the back of their truck and tries to sell to them, but one of the oil workers tells her he'll pay her five hundred dollars to go on a date with him. Star asks for a thousand and performs sexually for the money. After the guy drops her off, she hears him being attacked. Shortly after, a bloodied Jake asks her if she was hurt by the man and later asks if she slept with him. Star eventually admits what happened, causing Jake to get angry, smashing the belongings in the house before running off.  The following morning, the crew get in the car and there is a new girl there, while Jake is missing. Krystal calls Star to her room and informs her she has let Jake go, that she paid him money for each girl he recruited, and that he slept with all of them. Krystal later takes them to a poor area in Rapid City, South Dakota to sell subscriptions. Star enters a house and meets several affable children whose mother is on drugs. As Star's own mother died of a meth overdose, she feels sympathetic toward them and goes out to buy them groceries. At the pickup that day, Jake is in the van, and Star is confused as to whether to be happy to see him or not.  That evening, the crew light a bonfire. Dancing around the fire, Star is pulled aside by Jake, who privately hands her a turtle. Star takes it to the edge of the water and releases it before following the turtle into the water. Star then immerses herself fully before rising out of the water.
In 1978, Irving Rosenfeld and Sydney Prosser work together as con artists. Sydney, posing as English aristocrat "Lady Edith Greensly", has improved the scams. Irving loves Sydney but is unwilling to leave his unstable, histrionic wife, Rosalyn, fearing he will lose contact with adopted son Danny. Rosalyn has also threatened to report Irving to the police if he leaves her.  FBI agent Richie DiMaso catches Irving and Sydney in a loan scam but offers to release them if Irving can line up four additional arrests. Richie believes Sydney is English but has proof that her aristocratic claim is fraudulent. She tells Irving she will manipulate Richie, which distances her from Irving.  Irving has a friend pretending to be a wealthy Arab sheikh looking for potential investments in America. An associate of Irving's suggests the sheikh do business with Mayor Carmine Polito of Camden, New Jersey, who is trying to revitalize gambling in Atlantic City, but has struggled to find investors. Carmine seems to have a genuine desire to help the area's economy and his constituents.  Richie devises a plan to make Mayor Polito the target of a sting operation, despite the objections of Irving and of Richie's boss Stoddard Thorsen. Sydney helps Richie manipulate an FBI secretary into making an unauthorized wire transfer of $2 million. When Stoddard's boss Anthony Amado hears of the operation, he praises Richie's initiative, pressuring Stoddard to continue.  Carmine leaves the meeting when Richie presses him to accept a cash bribe. Irving convinces him the sheikh is legitimate, expressing his dislike of Richie, and they become friends. Richie arranges for Carmine to meet the sheikh, and without consulting the others, has Mexican-American FBI agent Paco Hernandez play the sheikh, which displeases Irving.  Carmine brings the sheikh to a casino party, explaining that mobsters are there and that it is a necessary part of doing business. Irving is surprised to hear that Mafia boss Victor Tellegio, right-hand man to Meyer Lansky, is present and wants to meet the sheikh. Tellegio explains that the sheikh needs to become an American citizen, and that Carmine will need to expedite the process. Tellegio also requires a $10 million wire transfer to prove the sheikh's legitimacy.  Richie confesses his strong attraction to Sydney but becomes confused and aggressive when she drops her English accent and admits to being from Albuquerque. Rosalyn starts an affair with mobster Pete Musane, whom she met at the party. She mentions her belief that Irving is working with the IRS, causing Pete to threaten Irving, who promises to prove the sheikh's investment is real.  Irving later confronts Rosalyn, who admits she told Pete and agrees to keep quiet but wants a divorce. With Carmine's help, Richie and Irving videotape members of Congress receiving bribes. Richie assaults Stoddard in a fight over the money and later convinces Amado he needs the $10 million to get Tellegio, but he gets only $2 million. A meeting is arranged at the offices of Tellegio's lawyer Alfonse Simone, but Tellegio does not appear.  Irving visits Carmine and admits to the scam but says he has a plan to help him. Carmine throws Irving out, and the loss of their friendship deeply upsets Irving. The federal agents inform Irving that their $2 million is missing and that they have received an anonymous offer to return the money in exchange for Irving and Sydney's immunity and a reduced sentence for Carmine.  It is revealed that Alfonse Simone, with whom Richie had arranged the wire transfer, was a con man working with Irving and Sydney. Amado accepts the deal, and Stoddard removes Richie from the case, which ends his career. The congressmen are prosecuted, and so is Carmine, who is sentenced to 18 months in prison. Irving and Sydney move in together and open a legitimate art gallery, while Rosalyn lives with Pete and shares custody of Danny with Irving.
In 1978, Baton Rouge pilot Barry Seal, who flies commercial jets for TWA, is recruited by a CIA case officer calling himself Monty Schafer. He asks Seal, who has been smuggling Cuban cigars into the country via Canada, to fly clandestine reconnaissance missions for the CIA over Central America using a small, fast, twin-engine Piper Smith Aerostar 600, outfitted with sophisticated aerial surveillance cameras. Seal tells his wife, Lucy, he's still with TWA.  In the 1980s, Schafer asks Seal to start acting as a courier between the CIA and General Noriega in Panama. During a mission, the Medellín Cartel picks Seal up and asks him to fly cocaine on his return flights to the United States. Seal accepts and starts flying the cartel's cocaine to Louisiana, delivering the drugs via airdrop in the countryside instead of landing at an airport. The CIA turns a blind eye to the drug smuggling, but the DEA tracks Seal down. To avoid the authorities, Seal and his family must relocate to the remote town of Mena, Arkansas, and his wife comes to accept the wealth generated by his new life. The small town gradually becomes wealthy as the hub of U.S. cocaine trafficking.  Later, Schafer asks Seal to run guns to the Nicaraguan Contras based in Honduras. Seal realizes that the Contras are not serious about the war and just want to get rich and he starts trading the guns to the cartel. The CIA sets up a Contra training base in Mena and Seal flies the Contras in, but many of them escape as soon as they arrive.  Seal makes so much money he buries it in suitcases in the backyard. Seal's freeloading brother-in-law JB moves in, needing a job. Eventually, he starts stealing money from the Seals and is arrested after Sheriff Joe Downing catches him with a briefcase full of laundered cash. With JB out on bail, Seal gives him money and a plane ticket to Bora Bora and tells him to get lost for his safety. JB demands weekly cash and insults Lucy. As Seal chases after him, JB is killed in his car by a bomb placed by the Medellín Cartel, who had previously promised to "take care" of the JB problem.  The FBI soon catches wind of the sudden exuberance on the streets of Mena, not helped by JB's reckless spending, and eventually, the CIA shuts the program down and abandons Seal, who is arrested by the FBI, DEA, ATF and Arkansas State Police simultaneously. Seal escapes prosecution by making a deal with the White House, which wants evidence of the Sandinistas being drug traffickers. They ask Seal to get photos that tie the Medellín Cartel to the Nicaraguan Sandinistas. Seal manages to get the pictures, but the White House releases them as propaganda against the Sandinistas. Seal is prominently shown in the pictures, which leads to his indictment by the crusading state attorney general, and the cartel plotting revenge.  Seal is convicted but sentenced to only 1,000 hours of community service. Moving from motel to motel making video recordings of his experiences, Seal fears an explosion anytime he starts his car. As his community service is performed at the same Salvation Army building every night, Seal cannot hide from the cartel and is shot dead by assassins. The CIA destroys all evidence connecting them to Seal and continues smuggling, instead using Iran to get guns to the Contras, as proposed by Schafer.  The film ends with Schafer getting promoted for his idea, though it is soon discovered by the public with reporters asking President Reagan and Vice President Bush about the scandal. Lucy and her kids move back to Baton Rouge, where she is seen contentedly working in fast food. One of her expensive pieces of jewelry is seen on her wrist.
In the mid-1990s, Jolie Jolson, a white high school student (the great-grandson of blackface performer Al Jolson) wants to be on the basketball team because he thinks that it will bring him closer to being the one thing that he isn't: black. His African American girlfriend, Henrietta, is pregnant with another man's baby and had a seedy past which includes appearing in a sex tape. Jolie gets on the basketball team due to a large donation from his well-off father, and ends up dating one of the cheerleaders for the team, and accidentally impregnates her.
In 1996, at the 45th-year reunion of the class of '51 at Weequahic High School in Newark, New Jersey, writer Nathan Zuckerman meets one of his old friends, Jerry Levov. They talk about Jerry's older brother, former all-state star athlete Seymour "Swede" Levov, class of '44, who recently died after a long illness.  The story moves back to a young Swede persuading his father, glovemaking magnate Lou Levov, to let him marry his high school sweetheart, New Jersey's 1947 Miss America contestant Dawn Dwyer. Lou is skeptical because Swede is Jewish and Dawn is a devout Roman Catholic, but her strength and honesty sways him. They have a daughter, Meredith ("Merry"), and settle in the town of Old Rimrock, where they acquire a farm, with Swede commuting the 30 miles to the Newark glove factory.   Smart and quirky Merry struggles with a stuttering problem, and is deeply affected as a 12-year-old by the self-immolation of Thích Quảng Đức in 1963. By the time Merry reaches high school, she has become increasingly radicalized towards Anarchism, as the Vietnam War rages, and frequently goes to New York City to take part in antiwar protests. When Merry lashes out during the 1967 Newark riots, Swede urges her to channel her energy into protesting against the war from closer to home. A few days later, the town's little post office and store is destroyed by a bomb, killing the owner.  Merry disappears, and is the FBI's prime suspect, though Swede and Dawn believe she is innocent or, if involved, being forced to act by older radicals she met in New York. Swede and Dawn visit Penny Hamlin, the wife of the store owner who was killed, to apologize. After Swede unsuccessfully hounds the FBI for information on Merry's whereabouts, 22-year-old Wharton Business School student Rita Cohen visits the factory, ostensibly working on a report for business class. Rita tips off Swede with credible information about Merry, hints that she knows Merry's whereabouts, then asks him to meet her at a hotel with $10,000 cash.   Swede meets Rita in the hotel room, but spurns her mean-spirited attempts to seduce him. Rita runs off with the money and leaves no further information regarding Merry. The strain of Merry's disappearance eventually causes Dawn to have a nervous breakdown. After treatment, Dawn seeks a facelift and starts an affair with a neighbor. She tells Swede that Merry has destroyed their former life, and tries to get Swede to forget about Merry so that they can start a new life.  In 1970, Swede spots Rita on a New York City street. Rita takes him to a skid-row area of Newark where Merry now lives. During two brief visits, Merry confesses to Swede that she made and planted a total of 3 bombs, killing 4 people. She tells of how she later slid into the underground, where she was robbed and raped. She has withdrawn from society, and is practicing extreme asceticism within the Indian Jain religion, which Swede attributes to her penance. In the quiet of her unkempt and simple life style her stutter has ceased. She has no desire to return home, and says that if he loves her, he will let her be. The years pass as Swede returns occasionally to stand outside the abandoned house where he last found Merry without ever seeing her again.  In the present, at Swede's funeral, Nathan muses that we know we are alive when we realize that "all the time... we are wrong" about our assumptions "about everyone". As the mourners are leaving, a cleaned up middle-aged Merry arrives, silently passing her uncle and mother as she walks to Swede's grave.
Thirteen years after their high school graduation, Jim Levenstein lives in the Chicago area with his wife Michelle and their two-year-old son. Chris "Oz" Ostreicher works as a sportscaster in Los Angeles with his unfaithful supermodel girlfriend Mia and is clearly unhappy, Kevin is married and works from home as an architect, Paul Finch claims to have been traveling the world, and Steven Stifler works as an office temp for a verbally abusive boss.  Former classmate John, one half of the "MILF" duo, organizes the Class of 1999 high school reunion in East Great Falls, Michigan. Jim and Michelle return to Jim's dad's house, where he encounters his neighbor Kara, whom he used to babysit. Kara is almost 18.   At a local bar, Jim, Oz, Kevin, and Finch meet Selena, Michelle's friend from band, and Stifler appears unexpectedly. The next day, at the beach, Oz meets his high school girlfriend, Heather, who is dating a cardiologist, Ron, and Kevin reconnects with high school sweetheart Vicky. Stifler destroys Kara's boyfriend's jet-ski, much to the disapproval of the guys. That night, they stumble upon Kara's birthday party. Kara gets drunk; Jim drives her home, and she tries to seduce him. Kevin wakes up next to Vicky and assumes they had drunken sex.  Jim and Michelle attend a party hosted by Stifler and bring Jim's widower dad along, who Stifler gets drunk. Kevin confronts Vicky who maintains they did not have sex. Mia takes ecstasy, and Ron humiliates Oz. Heather comforts Oz, and they reconcile before Mia and she get into a fight. Jim's dad meets Stifler's mom.  Michelle, concerned about the recent lack of sex in their marriage, attempts to have BDSM sex with Jim but is interrupted by Kara. Her boyfriend arrives and a fight breaks out between his friends and Jim's. Michelle finds out that Kara seduced Jim and tried to lose her virginity to him. Jim tells Michelle he does not care about Kara. Upset, both Kara and Michelle leave. The police arrest Finch for stealing his boss's motorcycle, which Stifler thinks is funny. Exasperated by Stiffler's immaturity, the guys rally to Finch's side, reiterating they dislike Stifler. Distraught, Stifler ends the party.  The next morning, Jim's dad offers him advice on how to fix his marriage. Finch admits to being an assistant manager at Staples. The boys ultimately learn that despite Stifler's immature behavior, he genuinely cares about them. They then apologize to him, they also sympathize with him when they realize how unhappy he is, and insist that high school would not have been fun without him.   Stifler quits his job but not before standing up to his boss and they head to the reunion together: Kevin reconciles with Vicky; Finch makes amends for lying to Selena; Oz reunites with Heather after breaking up with Mia and Stifler punches Ron for threatening Oz. Jim reconciles with Michelle and Nadia (who appears with a man by her side) interrupts them having sex but is pleased to see them still together. Jessica reveals that she is a lesbian, and with Stifler's help, Sherman hooks up with Loni.   Stifler is offered work as a wedding planner. He then meets Rachel Finch (Paul Finch's mom) who makes a brazen sexual pass at him and they proceed to have sex on the lacrosse field. John is reunited with his estranged buddy, Justin, and they watch Stifler having sex with Mrs. Finch while shouting “MILF!” from the bleachers.  The next morning: Jim and Kara apologize to each other; Oz plans to stay in town with Heather; Finch plans a trip with Selena to Europe; and Stifler drops subtle hints about sleeping with Finch's mom. Kevin proposes a pact for them to reunite once a year.  In a mid-credits scene, Jim's dad gets fellatio from Stifler's mom in a movie theater.
The Relentless are an aspiring rock band, half from England and half from the US, who all move to Los Angeles to become famous. The band's vocalist, Johnny Faust, lives in Columbus, Ohio with his mother and his girlfriend Gretchen. After moving to Los Angeles they hold auditions for a bassist, and choose a woman, Lily. While leaving a liquor store, some of the members encounter a homeless man who tells them to rely on feeling more than perception. Moments later, the band is accosted by another man who implies he is the Devil and can make them stars if they perform a human sacrifice. Lily tells Johnny that her ex-band member Damien raped her the night she left the band. Johnny learns his mother has breast cancer and cannot afford treatment. Damien insults Johnny's mother, so the band decides to sacrifice Damien. They lock him in a van and set it aflame, but Johnny has a change of heart and lets Damien out. Damien climbs an electrical fence and dies from electrocution.  The Relentless get a record deal and record an album, called American Satan. They go on tour. In Kansas, a bar fight results in the death of a man, and Johnny is arrested. He goes on trial and is acquitted. This inspires The Relentless's fans to confront their bullies, leading to more deaths, all blamed on the band.  Johnny and Gretchen try to maintain their long-distance relationship, but matters are complicated when Johnny and Lily sleep together. At the same time, Ricky overdoses on cocaine and dies. This leads to Leo heavily using alcohol and pills. Gretchen dumps Johnny, and he turns to heroin and sex with Lily to try to cope. A fan's mother gets Johnny to take her teen daughter's virginity; he does, while Dylan has sex with the mother. They later learn that the girl's dad killed himself because of this. Johnny overdoses on heroin and almost dies, but is revived by a paramedic - the homeless man the group encountered outside the liquor store. Johnny goes to rehab. Lily refuses to go to rehab and disappears. American Satan is well-received and tops the charts. The band performs more shows and receive a lot of adoration but also a lot of backlash, leading them to almost quit the music industry.  The band is successful, and Johnny's mother receives treatment for her cancer, which goes into remission. Johnny tries to get back together with Gretchen to no avail. The Relentless land a gig at a music festival but the Devil says that they have to kill a man during their performance, though he intends to make it look like part of the concert. The night of the show, Lily returns. A moment later, the Devil appears in the guise of Johnny's mother's new boyfriend, and when the band goes on stage and performs, Johnny takes the gun and first holds it to his head before shooting and killing the Devil. He is arrested. While in prison, Johnny is visited by the archangel Gabriel - the homeless man. He tells Johnny he has a choice in his future and to go with his feelings. He is also visited by Gretchen who tells Johnny she still loves him. She brings with her a lawyer, Damien's father. The lawyer gets Johnny off on a technicality.
Officer Richardson (Eric Roberts) profiles every Muslim he sees as a terrorist. He goes on an arrest frenzy, which makes the community activists, Jihad (Adam Saleh) and Osama (Sheikh Akbar) take to the streets and rally the people to stand up for their rights.  The Chief of Police (Joshua Salaam) wants to gain the trust of the Muslim community in order to get re-elected, but Attorney Leila Rodriguez (Yasemin Kanar) is standing in the way with a discrimination lawsuit against Officer Richardson and the Motor City Police Department. The Chief calls, Mohammed (Omar Regan) who keeps his faith to himself and his own prejudices against Islam, following constant exposure to Islamophobia, and partners him with a Middle Eastern, Detective Abdul (Baba Ali), who proudly shows his religious values. Together, they have to solve a case involving the disappearance of several Muslims as well as a respectable Muslim leader who is charged with an assault arrest. The Chief wants them to "Speak Muslim To The Muslims" which he thinks will guarantee his re-election and results in ending rising Islamophobic tensions between the police and the community.
Lincoln Jefferson (Nate Parker), a recently divorced U.S. Marine (and Iraqi War veteran), gets a job working as a janitor at a mostly white private school, which enables him to get his son, Kajani Jefferson (Tony Espinosa), into the school so that he doesn't have to suffer the same fate as other black students.  Late one night, after picking his son up from a friend's house in a prestigious, all-white neighborhood, they are pulled over by police. During the traffic stop, which is recorded on body and dashcams, Kajani is shot and killed in front of his father, Jefferson by officer Mike Randall (Beau Knapp).  One year later, a documentary film crew, led by student filmmaker Jordin King (Shane Paul McGhie), requests an interview with Jefferson at the same time as the Grand Jury's decision on the guilt or innocence of Officer Randall is due to be televised. As officer Randall is cleared of all wrongdoing and it is announced there will not be a trial, violence erupts into the city. A police captain pleads with the Kajani's grieving mother asking her to make a public statement calling for calm.  After watching Kijani's mother Tayana (Milauna Jackson), make a statement on television, Jefferson decides to take matters into his own hands. He takes the police captain hostage and brings him to the precinct along with the film crew. The film crew is horrified, but Jefferson suggests to them that now they can make a real documentary. Jefferson and his veteran friends easily subdue the police station and take everyone inside hostage. Jefferson demands the trial his son Kajani was earlier denied and a mock trial is then staged. Prisoners and civilians are pressed into serving on the makeshift jury, which leads to a lot of argument and discussion regarding racial relations and tensions. Jefferson allows everyone the right to speak freely during the trial.  Officer Randall then admits racial bias on his part and that he pulled Jefferson and Kajani over because they were black in an affluent neighborhood after midnight. He then admits to shooting Kajani because he was scared for his life and that was what he was trained to do. The jury deliberates briefly and finds Randall guilty; Jefferson decides to mete out the punishment himself. He gives Randall his phone and allows him one last phone conversation with his wife and child, before putting a gun to Randall's head and threatening to execute him. Just as Jefferson pulls the trigger, it is revealed that his weapon has been empty all along and Randall's life is spared. A moment of quiet resolution between Randall and Jefferson then takes place, before Jefferson is shot by a sniper while leaving the police station. The film ends with various talking heads speculating on the motives for the invasion.
On a stormy night in a Miami police station, Kendra Ellis-Connor is waiting for a report on the whereabouts of her son Jamal, who has suddenly disappeared. She asks for help from Officer Paul Larkin, a rookie cop who can't tell her anything about the incident. Due to both protocol and a lack of knowledge of the incident, he tells her that he has to wait for Lieutenant John Stokes, the AM shift liaison officer. Her estranged husband, FBI agent Scott Connor, arrives at the station, demanding to know where Jamal is.  Larkin is able to tell Scott that Jamal and two other black men were pulled over by police. The only other thing he can tell him is the fact that Jamal's car had a provocative bumper sticker about violence against cops. This revelation develops into a long argument between Kendra and Scott, where they confront their tumultuous marriage and their experiences raising a biracial son in a privileged community. Kendra repeatedly brings up how Jamal feels depressed and isolated as one of the very few black men at his school (referring to himself as "the face of the race"), while Scott says that Jamal should have known better than to present himself like "a gangsta."  Larkin returns and says that Jamal was with two other black men, one of whom has a warrant for misdemeanor drug possession. After this discovery, Kendra and Scott engage in a lengthy, contentious discussion about Jamal growing up in an environment of racial tension, specifically pertaining to Kendra's own experiences as a black woman and her fears of a possible confrontation between Jamal and police. Scott says that Jamal should not have been hanging out with these men in the first place, prompting Kendra to reveal that Jamal was angry at Scott for leaving them, which is why he placed the bumper sticker on his car. Scott then receives a video from his brother, which shows a recording of the traffic stop Jamal was involved in. In it, a police officer fires at a fleeing suspect as a bystander records it.  The video sends Scott over the edge, physically threatening Larkin to know where his son is. At this time, Lieutenant Stokes arrives and places Scott under arrest after Scott shoves him. After booking Scott, Stokes tells Kendra that three black males were taken into custody in connection with the traffic stop, unable to tell if one of them was Jamal. After Scott is released after being given a "promise to appear" court order, Kendra reveals that Jamal left the house after an argument with her.  Stokes is able to obtain a full report of the incident: Bell, Rolle, and Jamal were driving around in Liberty City, where Bell (who was driving the car) stopped to purchase a 'nickel bag' of marijuana. Rodney Banks, a black police officer, witnessed the exchange and stopped the car. After both Bell and Rolle exited the vehicle to confront Banks, Bell fled after Banks had trained his gun on both men. Jamal at that point had exited the vehicle, trying to position himself with hands on the hood of the car. Banks proceeded to fire three shots at Bell. One of the bullets (either a stray shot or ricochet) accidentally hits Jamal in the head, killing him instantly. Kendra and Scott are devastated, and Stokes gives them a moment, and they can only wail in agony. In the final scene, Scott exclaims "I can't breathe! I can't breathe!" either due to his heart murmur or possibly alluding to the killing of Eric Garner.
Mike Howell is a stoner who lives in the sleepy town of Liman, West Virginia, where he works as a convenience store clerk. He is planning to propose to his longtime girlfriend, Phoebe Larson, on a trip to Hawaii. He is unable to board the plane, as he suffers from intense panic attacks anytime he tries to leave town. He does not understand why Phoebe puts up with him.  In Langley, Virginia, CIA Agent Victoria Lasseter receives a coded warning that Mike, the sole survivor of her "Wiseman" Ultra program, is to be eliminated by her rival, Adrian Yates, and his similar "Toughguy" agents. Feeling a duty to protect Mike, Lasseter travels to Liman and "activates" Mike through a series of code words. Mike fails to understand their significance, and she leaves in resigned frustration.  Mike finds two Toughguys interfering with his car and is attacked, but his training activates and he kills them using a spoon. He calls Phoebe, who reaches him just as Sheriff Watts arrives. Yates sends two Toughguy operatives, Laugher and Crane, to kill Mike and Phoebe at the sheriff station, but they evade Laugher and kill Crane before escaping to the home of Mike's drug dealer Rose. Mike becomes unnerved by an array of facts he suddenly knows regarding military strategy. He also realizes he has very little memory prior to living in the town with Phoebe, wondering aloud why he never questioned this before.  Yates quarantines the town, and puts Lasseter and Mike's pictures on the local news. Lasseter convinces her former assistant, Petey Douglas, to air drop her a weapon using a drone. Yates finds out and threatens to charge Petey with treason. Yates then attacks Rose's house with two Toughguys using a lethal gas. The agents kill Rose and his two guards, Big Harold and Quinzin, before Mike and Phoebe kill the attackers and she rescues Mike from the gas, which she is familiar with. When pressed for answers on her knowledge of the gas, Phoebe reluctantly reveals she was a CIA agent assigned to be Mike's handler, leaving him heartbroken.  Laugher ambushes the duo and captures Phoebe. Mike is rescued by Lasseter and insists on returning to his house. She tells him that he volunteered for Wiseman due to his criminal record and subsequently had his memories erased. He also learns that Phoebe was to get him settled in Liman and then leave, but chose to stay because she genuinely fell in love. Lasseter explains that his panic attacks, including his fear of leaving town, were implanted to keep him safe.  Yates' army liaison, Otis, joins a Toughguy to attack Mike's house. Mike and Lasseter kill them, prompting Yates to order a drone strike on the entire block. Petey calls off the drone strike at the last minute, then secretly reports the situation to Yates' superior, Raymond Krueger.  Mike contacts Yates and arranges to exchange himself for Phoebe at a local grocery store. He attacks the store, killing or incapacitating multiple Toughguys before fighting and defeating Laugher, whom he spares when Mike learns he is a mentally unbalanced man forcibly conscripted by Yates. Phoebe escapes from Yates when Lasseter attacks him, but Krueger arrives and stops her.  Phoebe and Mike leave the store under gunpoint of multiple law enforcement officers, as he proposes to her.  In a forested area, Krueger has Yates and Lasseter bound and kneeling. Yates argues that what he was doing would have been okay with Krueger, despite the deaths of innocent people, if the results had been successful, and Krueger agrees. Yates, smugly smiles and stands, but is executed by Krueger for his failure. Krueger admits he informed Lasseter of Yates' plan as a courtesy but did not expect her to intervene. She points out that, by taking out seventeen Toughguys, Mike is proof of the success of the Wiseman program and a potentially valuable asset.   Six months later, Mike and Phoebe are in Manila, confident and happy as they carry out a CIA assignment together.
is on its final voyage before being decommissioned and turning into a floating museum. When  is attacked and destroyed by a mysterious force, World War III looms. The captain of Iowa chases an invisible ship, which they discover to be an alien force waging war on Earth. Only the crew of this last American battleship stands in their way. (The Iowa's outdated technology is immune to the electromagnetic pulse (EMP) weapons of the alien.)  During the fight, in Washington, D.C., General McKraken attempts to steer the high stake game of brinkmanship between the U.S. and other world powers as several coast towns in North Korea were also attacked, in an apparent attempt by the aliens to get the world to destroy itself. McKraken's diplomatic efforts attempt to buy Iowa time to provide proof of the alien incursion.
In 1998, in a rural small-town in Pennsylvania, Deb Callahan is a 33-year-old single mother residing with her teenage daughter, Bridget, and Bridget's infant son Jesse. Deb had Bridget when she was 16 years old and Bridget's father is not in the picture. They live directly across the street from her older sister, Katherine, Katherine's husband Terry, and their children. Deb and Katherine have a loving but tempestuous relationship, as the reserved Katherine is critical of Deb's recklessness and her affairs with men. It is a similar relationship to that of Deb and her mother, Peggy. One night, Deb babysits Jesse so Bridget can go on a date with Tyler, Jesse's father, with whom Bridget has had an on-and-off relationship. The next morning, Deb realizes Bridget has not returned home. She calls around frantically and questions Tyler, who claims he and Bridget argued and that she went to her friend Jenna's home. Jenna tells Deb that Bridget left late that evening, saying she was going to walk home.  Detective Sergeant Morris begins an investigation into Bridget's disappearance, and Deb insists that Tyler is responsible, claiming she believes he has abused Bridget. Feeling helpless in the efforts to find Bridget, Debra seeks solace in Brett, a married man with whom she is having an affair. When Brett fails to meet with her for one of their trysts, she drunkenly confronts him and his wife in their home, and smashes various items in the kitchen. She then leaves, driving recklessly before removing her hands from the steering wheel and crashing down an embankment, attempting suicide. However, she survives the event unscathed.  Several years later, Bridget's disappearance has turned into a cold case, and Deb is raising Jesse. Her boyfriend Ray, a refinery worker, has moved into her home. Ray is controlling and abusive toward Deb and Jesse, but she tolerates it as he gives her financial support while she attends a local college. However, she eventually forces him out of the home when he violently beats her in front of Jesse after inquiring about what time she got home the previous night with friends. Deb continues to hold vigils on Bridget's passing birthdays, and reunites with Tyler, who has recently completed drug rehabilitation, allowing him to visit with Jesse. Tyler tells Deb that he blames her for his drug addiction, as she publicly accused him in Bridget's disappearance. Deb apologizes, and explains she has not suspected him in Bridget's disappearance in a long time. Tyler tries to build a relationship with Jesse, but is unsuccessful.  Upon finishing college, Debra finds work as a human resources supervisor at a local assisted living facility, where her mother, Peggy, eventually comes to live after having a stroke. Some time later, Katherine encourages Debra to begin dating, and plans a double date with Chris, a friend of Terry's. Debra is initially impervious to Chris's advances, but the two become close quickly and marry after eight weeks of dating. Chris develops a close fatherly relationship with Jesse, now an adolescent. After several years, however, Debra and Chris's relationship deteriorates and she discovers he is having an affair. She confronts him before kicking him out of her home.  One day, 11 years after Bridget went missing, Sergeant Morris arrives at Debra's work to notify her that a serial killer has led them to Bridget's remains, which they unearthed in a shallow grave. Debra goes to visit Bridget's killer in jail hoping to learn of her daughter's fate. Later, Sergeant Morris brings Debra and Jesse to the crime scene where Bridget's remains were discovered. Debra sobs, and lies in her daughter's shallow grave.  Some time later, Debra decides to sell her house and move away with Jesse to start a new life. She has a garage sale which Chris visits. He tells her he still loves her, but Debra is not forthcoming to his advances and bids him goodbye. After the sale, Debra and Jesse say emotional goodbyes to Katherine, Terry, and Peggy, before driving away toward their new home.
Adept at living off the grid ever since she masterminded an act of violence against the American government, 25-year-old former radical Jenny Shimada agrees to take care of three fugitives who are on the run. One of the three fugitives happens to be the kidnapped granddaughter of a wealthy newspaper magnate and has become a national celebrity for embracing her captors’ ideology and joining their revolutionary cell.
Amigo centers on Rafael Dacanay, kapitan of the fictional barrio of San Isidro in a rice-growing area of Luzon. His brother Simón, head of the local guerrilla band, has forced the surrender of the Spanish guardia civil outpost and charged Rafael with the task of imprisoning the guardia Captain and the barrio’s Spanish friar, Padre Hidalgo, in the name of the First Philippine Republic. But when the American troops chasing General Emilio Aguinaldo arrive, the Spanish officer and Padre Hidalgo are freed, and a garrison under the command of Lieutenant Ike Compton is left to "protect" the barrio. The American occupation policy now changes from "hearts and minds" to "concentration" (what was called "hamletting" during the Vietnam war) and Rafael has to answer to both the Americans and the Filipino nationalists, with deadly consequences.
The film is set in New York City in 2008, prior to the Great Recession. Sam Seneca, a soldier who had served in the Afghanistan and Iraq wars, meets Amira Jafari when he visits her uncle, Bassam Jafari, who had served as Sam's Iraqi translator. Bassam and Sam have a special bond due to their time together in the war.   Initially Amira does not trust him because he was an American soldier and her brother was killed by a bomb from American troops in the war. After getting fired from his job as a security guard for punishing a group of rude people, Sam's cousin, Charlie Seneca, asks Sam to help him with illegal hedge funds unbeknownst to Sam at the time. Amira is staying with her uncle Bassam since her father died.   She sells bootlegged films on the street corner but is forced to flee after getting busted. Bassam calls Sam to inform him of what happened with Amira and asks him to let Amira stay with him. Sam agrees and goes to Amira and Bassam's apartment to get Amira. Amira tells Sam that she cannot go back to Iraq because it became too dangerous for her after her family started helping American soldiers.   Bassam tried to claim her as a dependent but they had trouble with the courts. Therefore, if Amira was arrested, she would be deported to Iraq as an illegal immigrant. Although reluctant at first Amira eventually agrees to go and stay with Sam. Sam and Amira begin spending time together with both learning to enjoy the company of the other and slowly beginning to fall in love.  While at a gathering with Charlie and his friends from work, Sam learns from one of Charlie's friends that Charlie's hedge funds that he has been helping Charlie with may be illegal. He confronts Charlie over it but Charlie denies this is the case. Back at Sam's apartment, Sam and Amira share a bed and Amira reveals that she read Sam's notebook of jokes that he had written when Sam hoped to become a stand up comedian but didn't do so well.   After an exchange of words the two kiss, but do not become too intimate. The next day at Charlie's invitation, Sam and Amira attend a party Charlie is having. While at the party Sam only becomes more suspicious of Charlie's hedge funds. Amira meanwhile faces certain degrees of racism, particularly from Sam's Uncle Nick Seneca, who tells Sam that he was in 4 World Trade Center when the September 11 attacks occurred and watched three of his friends die when the Twin Towers were hit with planes.  Not wanting to be involved in Charlie's hedge funds and displeased with the party and guests Sam decides to leave. Charlie tries to stop him which results in a brief scuffle between the two cousins. Amira attempts to intervene but unintentionally hits Charlie's pregnant wife Claire Seneca in the commotion.   Sam and Amira leave the party and head back to Sam's apartment. After sharing a moment of passion, Sam and Amira have sex. The next morning, two police officers arrive and arrest Amira saying that she's being charged with assaulting Claire. Bassam arrives at the police station where Sam is already waiting.   One of the police officers involved in the arrest informs Sam and Bassam that it was revealed that Amira is an illegal immigrant and will be released on bail tomorrow and will be deported back to Iraq the day after. Sam meets with Charlie later where Sam tells him that Amira is being deported. Although Charlie says that he'll have Claire drop the charges Sam tells him it's too late and again asks Charlie about his hedge funds.  Charlie comes clean and confirms that they are illegal but that he's rigged the system so that no one would ever find out about it. Later that night, Amira calls Sam from jail and confesses her love for him and asks to spend one last day together with him.   The next day, Sam comes over to Bassam and Amira's apartment where Bassam says that he is going back to Iraq with Amira to look after her despite Amira's protests. Bassam asks Sam to leave but Amira firmly states that she's spending her last day with Sam.   The two go out and enjoy an entire day of passion. At the end of the day Amira asks Sam to try his luck at stand up comedy  for her. He does so and has good success. On stage Sam confesses his love for Amira and asks her in Arabic to run away together with him. Amira agrees and asks where but Sam says that he doesn't know and doesn't care. The next day, without Sam's help Charlie's hedge funds don't go through and Sam and Amira leave a note for Bassam.   Sam and Amira tell Bassam that they are leaving New York City to be together and avoid Amira's deportation and that they will be in touch as soon as they settle down somewhere else. Bassam smiles happily understanding Sam and Amira's love and knowing that he and Amira will not have to go back to Iraq. Sam and Amira are then seen leaving New York City looking forward to a bright future together.
During the 17th century, a white witch named Abigail Wilmont moved to Amityville after being run out of Salem. When Abigail's magic failed to save the life of a sick child, she was blamed for causing the child's illness in the first place, and lynched on the outskirts of Amityville. In the present, a warlock called the Dark Lord sets out to avenge Abigail's death by using a tarot deck and a Book of the Dead to resurrect Abigail as a semi-corporeal entity that he unleashes on Amityville.  While driving back home from a humanitarian trip to Florida, Tiffany Raymond and her friends Aric, Bree, and Dig stop in Amityville to visit Tiffany's grandmother, Florence. Florence, whose physical and mental health have been deteriorating ever since she found a diary that belonged to Abigail, lives in Abigail's old home, which has the same half moon-shaped upper windows as 112 Ocean Avenue. As Tiffany and her friends tend to Florence and read the diary, they are spied on by Abigail, who has begun slaughtering the descendants of the villagers who killed her back in the 17th century. The descendants include Florence and Tiffany.  After murdering five of the other descendants, Abigail snaps Florence's neck, and mesmerizes Aric and Dig into attacking Bree and Tiffany. During the struggle, Tiffany's blouse is ripped open to reveal that she has six breasts, a sign that she is a witch, according to the Dark Lord. Tiffany uses her own magic to bring Aric and Dig back to their senses, and together they attack Abigail, who fatally wounds Dig before being severely injured by Aric. Abigail proceeds to possess Florence's corpse, and then Bree. Abigail's possession causes Bree to mutate into a spider-like monster that kills Aric. Tiffany, having discerned that Abigail's power is tied to her diary, sets the book on fire; this causes Florence's house to explode, which attracts the attention of the passing Sheriff McGrath. One of the diary's pages is prevented from burning up completely by the oblivious McGrath.  Since her diary was not completely destroyed, Abigail was not vanquished, and the film ends with the reveal that she has possessed Tiffany.
A general contractor named Charles Humes is sentenced to death after killing his wife and two daughters with a hammer in Amityville, New York. The day before his execution, Charles meets with Father Benna. Charles confides in Benna that he committed the familicide due to being possessed by demons that he claims reside within lumber that he took from 112 Ocean Avenue, a local house that was haunted until an exorcism was performed on it by Benna's brother, Father Jonas. Jonas died during the exorcism, and his death still haunts Benna. Charles added the tainted wood to his own home, as well as various other properties, which he gives a list of to Benna. One of the houses that Charles worked on is inhabited by Amy Dukane and her abusive alcoholic father, Jeremy. Jeremy is widowed due to his wife, Bonnie, dying in a drunk driving crash that was caused by Jeremy.  Amy and Benna both start being terrorized by a demon, which disembowels a burglar before infusing Amy with an amalgamation of lesser demons called Legion. While Amy is out for a walk in the woods, where she and the demon kill a photographer, Jeremy is visited by Benna. Jeremy is skeptical of Benna's claim that his house is haunted, until Amy torments him from afar with visions of Bonnie. Amy murders her boyfriend, Robby, while the house is being blessed by Benna. When Amy returns, she is weakened by the blessing, and tied to her bed by Benna and Jeremy. Amy assumes a hideous visage, plays mind games with Jeremy, and animates dolls that she uses to attack Benna. Benna fends off the toys, and begins performing an exorcism on Amy. Amy breaks free of her restraints, forces Jeremy out of the room, and summons the demon that had implanted her with Legion. The demon taunts Benna, who responds by drawing a cross on it with blood from a wound that he had been given by Amy. The bloody cross banishes the demon and Legion back to Hell, freeing Amy.  Amy and Jeremy reconcile, while Benna heads out to deal with all of the other properties that had 112 Ocean Avenue's cursed wood added to them by Charles.
After acquiring a clown painting that is implied to have originated from 112 Ocean Avenue in Amityville, New York, a Rhode Island senator named Ty Pangborn dons clown makeup and uses a shotgun to kill his dysfunctional family during his son's birthday party, afterward committing suicide while forlornly stating, "This isn't funny." A week later, a trio of thieves led by Drake break into the Pangborn residence in search of the clown painting, and are murdered by a spectral clown, which rips out and eats Drake's heart. A priest is then shown being interviewed about 112 Ocean Avenue. The priest explains that even though the house was at some point destroyed, its evil still lives on in the form of objects (including a lamp, a clock, a mirror, a dollhouse, and a cymbal banging monkey toy) that were scavenged from it and sold to oblivious buyers all over the United States.  In Nebraska, Ben and his wife Michelle purchase the toy monkey from an antique shop called Jesse's Junk Drawer. The monkey causes Ben and Michelle to begin having nightmares about demons and 112 Ocean Avenue while it uses its supernatural powers to terrorize Michelle and corrupt Ben, who it influences into beating and raping a prostitute and Michelle. The monkey afterward alters Ben's memories so that he no longer remembers his crimes, also altering his perception of reality so that he can no longer even see the wounds that has he inflicted upon Michelle. Michelle throws the monkey away, but it returns to her, so she calls Jesse's Junk Drawer to inquire about it, and is told by the antique dealer that the monkey was acquired from the estate of Mark Janson, a man who slaughtered almost his entire family during a reunion in Lincoln. Michelle researches the Janson family massacre and visits its sole survivor, Mark's institutionalized daughter, Julia. Michelle learns about the familicide committed by Ronald DeFeo Jr. in 112 Ocean Avenue, about the "cursed objects" taken from the house that have instigated "copycat crimes" all over America, and about "a theatre full of people that's possessed."  When Michelle returns home, she is attacked by a shotgun-wielding Ben, who declares that she is to be sacrificed to Beelzebub. Michelle shoots the monkey with Ben's shotgun, and afterward flees the house with a recovered Ben. The antique dealer is then shown collecting the destroyed monkey, which he reassembles and puts back up for sale in Jesse's Junk Drawer.
In April 1997, a woman named Lina moves into 112 Ocean Avenue in Amityville, New York. The house is dilapidated and full of objects that were left in it by previous occupants, and as Lina works on repairing and cleaning it, she records a video diary for her absent husband, who is a soldier in the United States Army. Worsening paranormal phenomena occurs in the house, which Lina eventually learns was the site of an allegedly possession-induced familicide that was committed by Ronald DeFeo Jr. back in 1974. After a few weeks, an unseen presence attacks and kills Lina.  In August 2016, a college student named George Harris is doing a video thesis on fear, and convinces his girlfriend, Sarah, his sister, Elizabeth, and their friends Lisa and Simon to accompany him on a camping trip to the woods near 112 Ocean Avenue. On their first night in the forest, George and Elizabeth encounter a woodsman who claims to be searching for his missing daughter, while a little girl dressed all in white is glimpsed by Simon. The next night, the quintet find the woodsman disemboweled shortly after the little girl is spotted by Elizabeth. The group try to flee the woods, but become lost despite spending several hours hiking while following their compass, with all of their attempts at calling for aid proving ineffective due to a lack of cellphone service and their radio emitting nothing but distorted screeching, which traumatizes Lisa.  Simon dies while searching for the little girl, and the increasingly distraught Lisa disappears after being lured off of the path by the child, who is invisible to George. Lisa and Elizabeth are killed, and George and Sarah become separated, with the latter stumbling onto and breaking into the vacant 112 Ocean Avenue at George's insistence. George soon enters the house, and calmly shoots himself in the head in front of Sarah (whose greatest fear was being left alone).  Sarah's fate is left unknown, as the film returns to the 1997 footage, which shows Lisa, looking exactly like she did in 2016 and speaking in a distorted child's voice, touch Lina's body and say, "Tag, you're it."
Teenager Belle Walker moves to 112 Ocean Avenue in Amityville, Long Island with her mother Joan, younger sister Juliet, brain-dead twin brother James, and dog Larry. The family's reason for moving there was to be closer to Dr. Milton, a neurologist hoping to treat James, who is on life support after an accident that left him paralyzed. Upon moving in, Juliet tells Belle that James has been talking to her lately. That night, James flatlines, but is mysteriously revived and opens his eyes.  At school, Belle is taunted by her peers over moving into the home, which she learns was the site of a mass murder by Ronald DeFeo Jr. in 1974. In her third-floor bedroom, she discovers blood stains from the murder concealed under the wallpaper. One night, Belle invites acquaintances Terrence—an enthusiast on the Amityville haunting—and Marissa over to watch The Amityville Horror (1979) at the house. At 3:15am in the middle of the film, the power goes out and the three go into the basement to locate the fuse box, where they are confronted by Joan, who thinks they are intruders.  Dr. Milton, who suspects James may have locked-in syndrome, performs an EEG test on James that shows increased neurological function. During the test, Dr. Milton witnesses an apparition of flies filling the room and attacking him, and leaves the house, shaken. James quickly gains the ability to communicate with the family via an AAC computer system that allows him to type by looking at letters on a screen. Terrence suggests to Belle that James' sudden revival may be a result of possession stemming from the house, and they suspect that a ring on the ground surrounding the house may represent a magic circle. Belle explains her troubled past to Marissa and reveals that James sustained his injuries after falling off a three-story balcony during a fight with a boy who had leaked nude pictures of Belle online. Belle asks James if someone else is inhabiting his body, to which he replies "Yes" and "Help" via his computer. He asks her to kill him, and she shuts off his ventilation machine. Joan enters the room and finds that James is now breathing on his own.  The next day, Belle types “Outside walk” on James’ computer in order to distract her mother and find the Red Room in the basement, which she believes to be the source of James’ power. Larry the dog is found mauled to death in the lake by Juliet, and Belle confronts her mother with the theory that the house is possessing James. Joan reveals to her that after having lost her faith in God following the death of her husband and James’ subsequent accident, she moved the family to the home, hoping to harness the demonic energy there in order to bring James back to life.  That night, as Belle prepares to leave, Joan knocks her unconscious. Belle awakens at 3:15am, just as her aunt Candice arrives at the house. James rises from his bed, and harnesses the energy from the Red Room, which revitalizes his body. Belle makes her way downstairs as Candice enters the house, but James shoots Candice with a shotgun. Belle retrieves Juliet from her room, but the house locks the doors, preventing them from escaping. Joan is confronted by James in her bedroom and knowing she is facing death, she retrieves her crucifix, and holds it toward James, but he is unaffected. He reminds her that with the loss of her faith, God is not able to save her. James shoots Joan in the chest before throwing her on her bed and shooting her in the head. He lures Juliet to the third floor, where he attempts to kill her, but is stopped by Belle, who tackles him, resulting in them both falling from the window. Belle lands on top of James which incapacitates him. She drags James outside the circle, after which his body withers back to its paralyzed form, and he dies after thanking her for freeing him from the possession.  A newsreel epilogue reveals that Belle is being questioned for the murders of her mother, aunt, and brother. However, Juliet corroborates Belle's story that James was the murderer. James' fingerprints were discovered on the murder weapon, but Dr. Milton refutes the claim due to James’ paralysis. The news report comments on yet another tragedy occurring in the Amityville house.
The film opens with the death of a young woman named Margaret East in Amityville, New York. Margaret lived in a Bohemian boarding house, and her death is being investigated by Hank Denton, an obnoxious man who is referred to as both a detective and an FBI agent. All of Margaret's friends find Denton rude and annoying, except for Sentinel Ernie, who convinces her mother, Aphrodite, the boarding house's owner, to let Denton stay at the Amityville Boarding House, which is being haunted by both a demon and Margaret's ghost.  Denton repeatedly experiences strange dreams and hallucinations while investigating Margaret's death, and becomes convinced, though without any real evidence, that there is a cult that is operating out of the Amityville Boarding House. When Sentinel tries to seduce him, Denton attacks her before ejaculating all over the room while staring at a Keith Hernandez baseball card. Later, Denton and Brigitta, the lesbian lover of Bermuda, Aphrodite's other daughter, are led to a cemetery by a figure that they presume is Margaret. A gravedigger and another resident of the boarding house convince Brigitta to hold a séance, which is attended by Denton. Supernatural events that occur during the séance and a dream that she experienced at the same time as Denton inspire Bermuda to try and gain access to the sealed basement of the boarding house (where her aunt was mysteriously found dead years ago) using an Ace of spades card.  Bermuda is attacked by an unseen presence while in the basement, where she finds a videotape made by Margaret. The tape depicts Margaret rambling about how the house protects them and about how they are "the beautiful ones" described by John B. Calhoun. A gun-totting Denton barges into the room, interrupts the tape, and leaves with Brigitta. Bermuda is terrorized by illusions of an automated hand and giant insect legs, and accidentally bludgeons Sentinel. The demon scares Aphrodite and causes her to fall down a flight of stairs, killing her and allowing her ghost to save Brigitta from Denton. Denton is garroted by Brigitta while being restrained by Aphrodite's ghost, and dies in the same place as Margaret. The film ends with Bermuda and Brigitta reuniting on a train crossing the Manhattan Bridge.
The film begins with a family of three traveling along a highway. The scene ends with a child screaming, and the man (Wes Bentley) is seen resting in a bed, in a large room, attached to hospital equipment. The woman (Kate Bosworth) visits him dressed in formal business attire, which is a frequently re-occurring theme in the film.  The man is shown to become suspicious of the woman, who claims to be his wife. When she leaves to conduct errands, the man explores the house. After leafing through a photo album, he searches the basement where he finds a film projector, medical tools, anatomy charts and books, and a corpse hidden in a cabinet. He confronts the woman when she returns home, who explains that the corpse is her first husband before knocking the man unconscious and drugging him.  The man wakes up restrained to a bed, his captor being the woman. She administers shock treatment, telling him that he must provide a family for her if he wishes the ordeal to end. When asked why the photo album contains no photographs of the woman or of her late husband, the two become involved in a physical confrontation. He attempts to subdue her, but is in turn subdued when hit with a nearby vase. He is restrained, but escapes briefly before being knocked unconscious. A visiting postman is killed by the woman who pushes the body into the basement. A detective assigns an officer to investigate a report regarding a missing man, who is the mailman.  While the woman dismembers the postman downstairs, the female officer comes to the door. She attempts to gain entry to the premises, and is promptly killed by the woman. It is at this point that the male detective begins investigating the premises himself.  The man asks about the little girl he sees in brief memory flashbacks. The woman reveals a little girl in a cage and claims she is their daughter Audrey. When released, Audrey grabs a knife and attacks the woman. However, the woman renders Audrey unconscious and puts her in a bathtub.  The detective shows up at the front door, interrupting the woman as she prepares to perform a lobotomy on the man. After sending the detective away, she goes to drown Audrey in the bathtub. The man breaks free and renders his captor unconscious with the lid of the toilet, but collapses on the floor whilst the girl escapes from the house.  He wakes in a hospital bed, where he is interviewed by the detective. On asking about the girl thought to be his daughter, it is revealed that she is actually the daughter of Mason Williams. Both the man and woman willfully kidnapped Audrey hoping that the ransom money would pay for the woman’s fertility treatments. The man claims that the woman killed all of the people discovered in the house, but the detective reveals that she was never found.  Dressed as a nurse, the woman infiltrates the hospital and euthanizes the man.
Cleric Abdul Aziz Ghazi is waging jihad against the Pakistani state. His dream is to impose a strict version of Sharia law throughout the country, as a model for the world. A flashpoint in Aziz's holy war took place in 2007, with the Siege of the Red Mosque. During a standoff with the Pakistani military, the government leveled Aziz's flagship mosque to the ground, killing his mother, brother, only son and 150 students. The filmmakers follow Aziz on his personal quest to create an Islamic utopia, during the bloodiest period in Pakistan's modern history.  The film also follows the lives of two teenage students who have attended madrasas (Islamic seminaries) run by Aziz's Red Mosque network. Throughout the film, their paths diverge: Talha, 12, detaches from his moderate Muslim family and decides to become a jihadi preacher. Zarina, also 12, escapes her madrasa and joins a regular school. Over the next few years, Zarina's education is threatened by frequent Taliban attacks on schools like her own.  Aziz’s foil is nuclear physicist and leading educational activist Dr. Pervez Hoodbhoy. He passionately opposes Aziz through his public appearances, lectures, and the media. Opposition against Aziz comes to a head in December, 2014, when Aziz insults a grieving nation by trying to justify the brutal massacre of 132 school children in Peshawar by the Taliban. The attack ignites a movement to end extremism in Pakistan’s mosques and madrasas. Led by Hoodbhoy and others, Pakistan's moderate majority focuses on Aziz and calls for his arrest.
Mariana, a granddaughter of Albert Jennings Fountain, discovers her great grandson playing with her grandfather’s clothing and personal possessions. As she begins to tell him of Fountain’s history, the film flashes back to a New Mexico ranch in 1896, where Oliver Lee murders two ranchers and steals their cattle. Fountain, serving as Doña Ana County District Attorney, arrests a member of Lee’s gang in the case, and eventually apprehends Lee despite death threats. After Lee’s arraignment, Fountain is seen leaving town, never to be seen again. Following the disappearance, Pinkerton detective John C. Fraser arrives from Colorado to investigate and discovers Fountain’s wagon, disabled, where there is evidence of a struggle and blood. When suspicion leads to Oliver Lee, Fraser leads a small party to Lee’s ranch where they are ambushed by Lee and his gang. Fraser wounds Lee but ultimately retreats. The film ends with the case unresolved.
November 13, 2022: Acting under the direction of someone unknown, werewolves foster panic in Brussels by randomly attacking joggers. As part of the same plot, werewolf Randall Jackson fatally shoots werewolf Harry Goldstone, who works on European Federation president Richard Sherman’s reelection campaign. Randall steals Harry's strategy dossier for Richard's upcoming debate against rival John Kilborn. Before dropping dead, Harry calls his werewolf niece, private investigator Kristy Wolfe, to tell her that Randall attacked him.  Lt. McGregor dismisses Kristy from the crime scene. Richard Sherman's vampire wife, first lady Patricia Sherman, hires Kristy to find out who killed Harry and why. McGregor continues angrily confronting Kristy throughout her investigation. McGregor works with detectives Alabastar Blazine and Bastien, with whom Kristy is having a sexual affair, during the official police investigation into Harry’s murder. Kristy tracks down Randall Jackson. Kristy finds Randall with a bag of money, C4 explosives, and a calendar with a December date circled, but Randall escapes following a fight. Richard and Patricia Sherman meet with Richard’s traitorous VP Matthew Benoit and businessman Max Eddelman in a limo. Max proposes to cut Richard in on the profits of a deal with European fossil fuel companies if Richard abandons his renewable energy plan and drops out of the race. Kristy interrupts the meeting to threaten Max over his presumed involvement in conspiratorial murders.  Kristy discovers that someone rigged her car to explode. Kristy tracks down Harry's contact Colin Haroosen, who creates a potion for Kristy intended to prevent werewolves and vampires from reading her thoughts and communicating with her telepathically. Kristy and her longtime friend, bartender Frank, take down werewolf operative Armand. Kristy concludes that there is a mole inside the police department. Kristy asks Blazine to look into the leak, who she suspects could be her lover Bastien.  Patricia discusses the ongoing mystery with the Shermans' lawyer Frederik Forsythe. Frederik receives several blackmail messages urging him to orchestrate Richard Sherman's downfall. Frederik arranges for Detective Blazine to die in a car explosion. McGregor and Kristy realize that whoever killed Blazine set them up to be executed too. Randall tries blowing both of them up, but McGregor and Kristy escape an exploding building. Remembering the date on Randall's calendar, Kristy and McGregor deduce that a plot to assassinate Richard Sherman is about to take place. Kristy and McGregor arrive too late to stop Randall from sniping Richard. Bastien secretly executes Randall before telling Kristy and McGregor that he saw Max Eddelman fleeing. Kristy and McGregor chase after Max. However, Max escapes.  Patricia Sherman runs for president in her dead husband's place. Patricia wins the election. Patricia subsequently has Max, Frederik, and Matthew executed. Kristy confronts Patricia with the revelation that Patricia arranged the entire conspiracy to become president and hired Kristy to look into Harry's murder to deflect suspicion. McGregor joins Kristy in time to kill another werewolf assassin before he can execute Kristy. Patricia uses her vampiric powers to kill McGregor. Patricia subdues Kristy, telepathically reveals her plan, and explains that Kristy will be set up to take the fall, but will be released in 12 months to great riches. Bastien arrests Kristy. Kristy plots to take down Patricia after serving her sentence.
National security expert Elizabeth "Libby" Lamm (Sumpter) is hired as an adjunct professor of foreign policy at the prestigious Grant University. She is the former national security adviser to U.S. Vice President Rachel Burke (Curtis). She arrives amid protests and the university employees are cold to her, including her assistant and another professor who confronts her at a university mixer. Dr. Lamm is recognizable due to a Capital Dispatch op-ed where she explains and defends her role in an attack by US forces, revealed later in the film to be a strike on Homs.  Dr. Lamm is extra cautious about security, preferring to live her daily life without an email address, cell phone, landline or computer. Every night, she comes home to her study and writes feverishly on note pads at her desk. She has over a dozen of them completely filled and locks them in a vintage safe that she purchased from an antique shop. She walks around her home with a loaded Glock 17 and is always alerted to unfamiliar sounds. Dr. Lamm is being stalked by Martin Salhi (Ben Tavassoli), a graduate student at the university. Martin is withdrawn and sullen, and is intentionally standoffish from his roommate Jordan (Alex Weisman). Martin follows her home and later creates fake lawn service flyers as pretext to case her home. He breaks into her home and installs miniature cameras to observe her movements. He watches Dr. Lamm place the note pads in the safe.  One day, Dr. Lamm is approached at her home by Adrian (Jeff Hephner), the president's chief of staff. It is revealed that they were lovers when he was a policy adviser in the White House. He wants assurances that she will not reveal details of the Homs operation but she rebuffs him. A few days later, Adrian returns, this time demanding fidelity to the administration. Dr. Lamm angrily refuses. This incident prompts her to dismiss her class and rush home where she finds Martin breaking into her safe. While holding him at gunpoint, Martin admits to stalking and states that he was trying to understand how someone who could commit such an enormous atrocity, referring to the attack on Homs. He tells her that his parents and siblings lived in Homs and that he wanted "to understand the face of evil." Dr. Lamm then gives him the note pads she had been writing on to read. She is writing a memoir that she wants to be published that exposes the aggression behind the attack.  Four years earlier, Dr. Lamm is in the White House situation room and advises on a plan with a high-security group including the president and vice-president. She tells the group that five leaders of the most dangerous terrorist groups in the world, plus a nuclear scientist, will be meeting in Homs, Syria to discuss strategy. Dr. Lamm favors more conventional action but she is interrupted by Vice President Burke who overwhelmingly endorses Plan 712. The plan involves a nuclear strike that will result in an extreme mass casualty loss. Dr. Lamm ultimately and reluctantly endorses the plan. The attack kills the intended targets as well as causing the deaths of 150,000 civilians. It's revealed that the intel used in the attack was manufactured by Dr. Lamm on Burke's orders.  As Martin finishes reading, her home is broken into by undercover agents. Dr. Lamm and Martin escape and go on the run. Her intention is to take the memoir to her father Phillip Lamm (Clarke Peters), chief editor of the Springfield Register. They spend the night on the beach but Martin awakens to find Dr. Lamm gone, but the note pads were left with him. Dr. Lamm awakes in a basement and is approached by Adrian and current President Rachel Burke. President Burke tries to convince her to join her cabinet as Secretary of State in exchange for burying the memoir. Dr. Lamm realizes that the agents left the memoir with Martin and are surveilling him, hoping that he would lead them to more copies if there are any. She refuses President Burke's offer and is prepared to accept whatever consequences that come from its publication.  The president leaves and tells Adrian to release Dr. Lamm and end the surveillance on Martin. She believes she will be exonerated by the public by asserting the years of domestic safety as proof of its success. Adrian objects, believing that by not neutralizing the two, it will be political suicide. The president disagrees and overrules him. Dr. Lamm is released across the street from the Springfield Register. She enters the lobby and sees Martin and her father there. Suddenly a bomb explodes and destroys the lobby. It is revealed that Adrian acted on his own. Twenty-three people are confirmed dead including Dr. Lamm, her father and Martin, with the attack being blamed on him. After the apartment they shared was searched by the FBI, Jordan opens an email from Martin that was sent earlier. It's revealed that Martin had secretly bought a burner phone after losing the men that were following him, scanned the memoir and then emailed it to Jordan, asking him to give it to the media to reveal the truth.
In 1955, Maryellen Larkin (Lind) lives with her big family in Daytona Beach, Florida, longing to stand out among her siblings and relatives, even if it meant getting herself into certain trouble like making mischief at a store and wearing pants she took from the boys' department, or painting their house's door red.  Then one day a family friend named Benji (Faraci) arrives. Polio-stricken, Benji is unable to walk properly due to his condition and has to wear a leg brace to which Maryellen understands, as she had been a polio patient herself with one of her legs slightly withered. Moved by this, along with the plight of others with polio at the children's ward, she plans a Christmas party for the patients, only for no one from her siblings to volunteer with her, and to be impeded by the hospital's strict rules.  Maryellen's friend Davy (Donovan) also expresses his doubts about the planned party, leading to an argument and offending Maryellen's feelings. Not willing to despair, she uses her talent in drawing to cheer up the patients, and gives away her pocket money, originally meant to be spent on a trip to Georgia to see her grandparents, to Benji so his mother can pay a visit to him at the hospital. Davy reconciles with Maryellen, and surprise her with making picture frames for her drawings to be shown at the hospital.  Maryellen and her mother arrive at the house, to be met by Grandmom and Grandpop who were paying a surprise visit after hearing about their granddaughter's act of generosity towards the polio patients. They give her a box of snow as a present to make up for not being able to go to Georgia, and Maryellen learns how simple acts of kindness are the best Christmas gift one can give.
Set in 1963, the film revolves around Melody Ellison, an African-American girl living in Detroit, Michigan with her mother Frances and her grandfather Frank. Early on she and her family face racial inequality in their hometown, with Melody being bullied at school by a white student named Donald along with his friends for her ethnicity, or wrongfully accused of shoplifting at a clothing store where Melody's mother works.  A turning point for Melody was when a fellow student expresses her intention of moving to another school out of fear for being discriminated, and when news about the 16th Street Baptist Church bombing was aired on television, making her question the Pledge of Allegiance and consider moving to a school at her neighborhood. Fearing that a similar bombing would take place at the chapel where Melody's family attend mass in, Melody tries to convince her mother not to perform at a fundraising concert for the Birmingham victims; Frances reassures her, and sees hope in her daughter. Melody puts her creative skill at clothing design to good use, upcycling an old garment into a shawl for her mother to wear at her piano performance.  At church she meets her teacher Miss Abbot, who brought the other students along as part of a field trip. Donald walks out as he refuses to take Melody's hand; Melody's best friend Tricia volunteers to hold her hand instead. The concert takes place as planned. The film ends with Melody and the rest of the churchgoers performing "Lift Every Voice and Sing". A short tribute to the four young victims of the Birmingham bombing appears in a post-credits sequence.
In the town of Bentwick, Massachusetts, Grace Thomas develops a passion for baking in her grandparents' bakery. Wanting to save up for a new bike, Grace begins a small cupcake business with her best friends Ella and Maddy, and it turns out to be successful. She plans to continue the business during the summer, but is asked by her mother to come with her on a trip to Paris, where Grace's aunt Sophie, uncle Bernard, and cousin Sylvie live, as they are expecting a baby soon. That leaves Ella and Maddy to earn money another way, and they start a dog-grooming service called the Paw Spa.  Bernard owns a pâtisserie, which becomes an opportunity for Grace to improve her baking skills. She realizes quickly that it will be a challenge to work for her uncle, while at the same time, she struggles to warm to Sylvie, who also works at the pâtisserie but is uncomfortable with the extra company. As Grace's efforts at the pâtisserie get her into trouble, her mother advises her to ask Bernard what he needs help with, rather than do things herself. During their free time, Grace and her mother sightsee around Paris, also visiting the Eiffel Tower with Sophie, Bernard and Sylvie. While there, Sophie goes into labor and needs to be driven to a hospital. She gives birth to a girl, naming her Lily. Grace welcomes her new cousin, while Sylvie feels reserved about her new sister.  Lily's crying makes Grace and Sylvie restless, but it gives the two time to bond. They also help land an important client for the pâtisserie—Jean-Luc Pernaud, the owner of a hotel Bernard has been seeking to do business with. While they use a local dog, whom Grace befriends and calls Bonbon, to deliver samples from the pâtisserie, Pernaud is impressed and asks Bernard to fulfill an order for the Bastille Day celebration. In preparing the treats, Bernard is concerned that the recipes are not up to the high standard needed for the occasion. As Grace has always gone strictly by the wording in recipes and has no idea how to improve the quality, her uncle uses the phrase je ne sais quoi to describe the unique ingredients that make a recipe stand out, and Grace sees its importance. Bastille Day becomes a success for the pâtisserie, despite worries from both Grace and her uncle. As Grace's trip in Paris comes to an end, Bernard tells her that she will keep learning the je ne sais quoi, as it differs for every recipe.  When Grace returns home, she shares her experiences in Paris with Ella and Maddy, including what she learned from her uncle, but they are not cool when she talks business about their Paw Spa. Later, Grace is devastated to hear that her grandparents' bakery is going to shut down, due to a lack of customers. She comes up with a plan to save the bakery and asks Ella and Maddy to help, after apologizing over how she talked to them earlier. Her grandparents are delighted when business picks up, but then the oven fails, setting them back.  Grace gets a huge break when she is selected to be a contestant on MasterChef Junior Baking Edition, unaware that her grandmother submitted an application on her behalf. The prize for winning is $100,000, enough to save the bakery and replace the oven. Despite gamesmanship from one of her competitors, requiring her to improvise her signature dessert, Grace makes it into the finals of the competition. Reminded about the je ne sais quoi lesson from her uncle in developing her next dessert, Grace impresses the judges again and wins.  Bernard, Sophie, Sylvie and Lily fly to Bentwick to congratulate Grace, surprising her even more when Bonbon appears. The community, having watched Grace on Masterchef Junior, comes to support the bakery, with Bernard giving business a boost for the celebration.
Isabelle Palmer, a 9-year-old dancer and aspiring fashion designer from Washington, D.C., studies at Anna Heart Performing Arts School with her older sister Jade and her best friend Luisa. Although Isabelle loves her sister, she often gets compared to her by rival classmate Renata.  Jade tells Isabelle and Luisa that a production of The Nutcracker at Capital One Hall is casting Anna Heart students and will be starring Jacqueline "Jackie" Sanchez, the sisters favorite dancer. At a Halloween dance benefit, Isabelle is surprised to see Jackie in the audience. She has a good performance, except for falling down one time. However, her spirits are lifted after signing an autograph for Chloe, a handicapped girl, and teaching her ballet moves.  Isabelle and Jade both audition for the Nutcrakcer, with the latter getting the lead role of Clara. Isabelle gets selected to dance in three scenes, even though she thought her performance wasn't good enough. Their dance instructor informs the students that they are eligible to compete for spots in a summer program at the American Ballet Theatre. The winners will be selected by Jackie and Mr. Koslof, the show's director. Isabelle is determined to get the 4th grade spot despite Renata attempts to demotivate her. The sisters are delighted to learn their mother Nancy will be a costume designer and hires Isabelle to be her assistant.  As rehearsals begin, Isabelle is slow but picks up the choreography for the first two scenes she's scheduled for. However, she has difficulties learning the choreography for the Waltz of the Snowflakes. Jackie meets Isabelle after rehearsal and helps her get the hang of it. She later sees Renata looking upset after what appears to be her mother calling her to say she can't pick her up for an ice skating date she planned. Isabelle offers her a ride home but she refuses, rudely telling her she should only focus on the show. The sisters are later given a gift by their parents, their own nutcracker.  Koslof recognizes Isabelle's improvement during their first theater rehearsal. However, Renata overhears him talking about switching the choreography for the snowflake waltz. She offers a few recommendations. He then adds a new ending, including a double pirouette.  Isabelle falls during the first attempt and overhears Koslof talking with Jackie saying if she doesn't get the turns he might cut her from the scene and give the 4th grade spot to Renata.   After beating Renata in a cafeteria dance off, Isabelle is surprised when she offers her respect. However, she then takes it to say she only got into Anna Heart and the Nutcracker because of Jade's talent. Isabelle runs off crying while Jade tells Renata to leave her sister alone.   Isabelle gets angry and blames Jade for all of her struggles, saying she wants to drop out of the show and Anna Heart too. Jade then gets angry and says no one ever tries to offer her support because everyone thinks she's perfect. Isabelle storms off and accidentally breaks their nutcracker.  Jade has a talk with her mother and admits her frustrations. Her mother tells her no one expects her to be perfect and says they'll be there if she ever feels pressured. Isabelle fakes illness to miss rehearsals.  Jackie arrives at Isabelle's house and has a talk with her. Isabelle admits her concerns about getting in the show because of Jade. Jackie said she got in because she told Koslof about her meeting with Chloe, which she witnessed. She tells Isabelle it's just as good to inspire others than just be a flawless dancer. She admits to Isabelle her struggles and how they can forget them by remembering they're just doing the thing they love.  Inspired, Isabelle returns to the show, reconciles with Jade, and tells Renata she won't care what she thinks of her anymore. Isabelle slowly gets the new choreography, but still struggles to get the double pirouette.   On opening night, Isabelle and Jade help Renata fix her dress before the show. Renata apologizes for everything she said and admits she was jealous of her relationship with Jade. She also admits she lied about her family activities and says that her parents aren't attending the show. Isabelle suggests she tells her family how she feels. Renata tells Isabelle she is a good dancer.  During the show, Isabelle performs well in the party and the fight scenes. However, she still feels nervous about the snowflake waltz. However, with last minute encouragement from Jade and Jackie, she lands the double pirouette and the show is successful.  Later when the winners of the summer program spots are announced, Isabelle and Jade got in. Renata did not, however, she tells them her parents are planning a family vacation to make up for not being there for her. The dancers go out and celebrate during a snow flury with Isabelle dancing with full confidence.
Fourth grader McKenna Brooks competes for Shooting Star gymnastics alongside her best friend Toulane Thomas. They both dream of competing in the 2016 Olympics. For now, their immediate goal is to make the regional competitive team. Mckenna practices back handspring dismounts for her balance beam routine. However, her coach Isabelle Manning tells her that the move is too advanced for her and she should stick to the easier dismount for now. McKenna and Toulane discuss the new girl Sierra and a girl from another team who is generally considered the best gymnast and is pretty much garunteed to get one of the three spots on the regional competitive team.  After practice, McKenna has a family dinner at home with her parents and two sisters. Mr. and Mrs. Brooks then inform her that her teacher Mr. Wu e-mailed them saying McKenna's grades are slipping and he recommends she get a reading tutor from the middle school. McKenna's parents believe that she's spending too much time on gymnastics and not enough on school. McKenna refuses a tutor and promises to bring her grades up as there's going to be a science quiz the next day. She starts to read the science book, but doesn't understand it and quits.  The next day at school, McKenna struggles during the quiz and ends up cheating off of Sierra's paper. She gets caught by Mr. Wu. and is given a zero. McKenna's parents then give her an ultimatum to either meet with a tutor or quit gymnastics. The next day, McKenna meets her tutor Josie Myers, who uses a wheelchair, at the school's library. McKenna hides from Sierra to avoid embarrassment. After showing little progress in reading comprehension, McKenna is angry when Josie tries to make her read "baby books". She asks Mr. Wu to find her a new tutor. McKenna tries three different tutors who won't work for her, and Mr. Wu makes her go back to Josie.  At a presentation run, the Shooting Stars gymnastics team perform for the parents. McKenna performs her beam routine and disobeys her coach by doing the back handsprings, but falls and breaks her ankle. McKenna is ruled out for eight weeks but start exercises that don't involve her broken foot in two weeks. Her parents suggest this gives her an opportunity to focus on her schoolwork, but McKenna gets upset and fears giving up her dream to make the team.  The next time McKenna meets with Josie, she spends their session trying to hide from Sierra again but is caught and ends up setting off the fire alarm, much to Josie's disappointment. However, Sierra reveals she had a tutor once too and promises to keep McKenna's secret. Feeling assured, McKenna apologizes to Josie and takes the tutoring seriously. They start to develop a friendship and McKenna encourages Josie to find a way to ride a horse that will accommodate her disability. McKenna's mother also assures her that it's okay needing help with finding balance. One day, a suspicious Toulane spies on McKenna and discovers the tutoring sessions. She's hurt that McKenna lied to her for so long. The Brooks invite the Myers on their annual camping trip while Toulane refuses to come. While sharing a tent, McKenna reveals to Josie Toulane's struggles with living up to her mother's expectations.  McKenna is excited when she's able to understand A Little Princess while reading it. Josie admits McKenna inspired her and she found a program that allows kids with disabilities to ride horses. Josie invites McKenna to go but she refuses, remembering she gets her cast off the same day. They have an argument and Josie leaves, hurt. However, McKenna changes her mind and decides to support Josie. There, she runs into Toulane, who Josie invited too. They make up when McKenna apologizes and assures Toulane she still cares about gymnastics. Later, Mr. Wu. assigns his class a book report towards the end of the year that involves a presentation the day after the qualifying meet. McKenna begins to feel a lot of pressure. With the qualifying meet three weeks away, she is cleared but becomes nervous and struggles with her dismount (the skill she was injured on). McKenna decides to do her presentation on a book about athletes and becomes intrigued learning about them.  At the regional competitive team's qualifying meet, McKenna finds a worn out Toulane in the bathrooms. She admits to McKenna that she's sick of competitive gymnastics ever since her mother pushed her into it so that Toulane can follow in the footsteps of her older sister, a star gymnast. Toulane reveals she has been watching the rhythmic gymnastics practices and wishes she could do that instead, as she used to be a dancer. McKenna convinces Toulane to talk with her mother after the meet. They successfully perform their routines and Toulane even supports Sierra. At the end of her beam routine, McKenna hesitates on the dismount, but after seeing Josie in the audience, she goes for it and sticks the landing.  McKenna and Toulane are among the top finishers for the regional competitive team, but Toulane finally confronts her mother and is allowed to switch to rhythmic gymnastics. She gives her place on the competitive team to a much-improved Sierra, who was named first alternate. In the end, McKenna gives her book report presentation on the importance of balance for professional athletes and how no one can achieve greatness without help from others. Everyone applauds and McKenna hugs Toulane and Josie.
Nine-year-old artist Saige Copeland begins her first day of fourth grade in Albuquerque, New Mexico, only to learn that the art class has been dropped from the school's curriculum due to budget cuts, and will be cycled with music. Saige's best friend Tessa Joblansky, a musician, befriended another girl named Dylan Patterson at summer camp and hangs out with her instead, making Saige jealous. A new girl in school named Gabi Peña, who is also an artist, becomes friends with Saige. Saige tells her grandmother, whom she calls Mimi, about the situation, and Mimi proposes a school-wide protest against the art class removal. Saige also works to reconnect with Tessa.  Later, Mimi trips over Saige's dog, Rembrandt, and is hospitalized for a broken leg and wrist. At the hospital, she encourages Saige to continue on with her protest. At school, Saige tells Tessa, Gabi and Dylan (who was invited by Tessa) her protest plan, "A Day of Beige", inspired by her visit to the hospital. Dylan suggests a press conference in order to gain more attention since her mother works as a news reporter, to which Saige reluctantly agrees. The demonstrations are held as planned with all of the students wearing beige, but is nearly put to a halt as Saige and her friends are summoned to the principal's office. After an explanation, Principal Laird gives the girls the permission to hold the press conference. Upon being interviewed, Saige is overwhelmed with stage fright and leaves, so Dylan answers the reporters' questions in her place.  Principal Laird later informs the girls that there aren't anymore funds to hire an art teacher, and they would need to earn $5,000 in six weeks for the art class to start this year. Mimi suggests a fund drive to be held at the Albuquerque International Balloon Fiesta, and to have her granddaughter lead the annual parade in her place as she may not make it in time for the event. Saige worries about her stage fright despite her family and trainer Luis' assurances. The four girls take up various odd jobs to earn funds, but are largely unsuccessful. Dylan suggests a concert at the fiesta and they can split between art and music, which Saige has doubts about.  Later at the ranch, Saige and her horse Picasso do a practice run for the parade, but she struggles to concentrate. Meanwhile, Saige and Gabi are worried that Dylan and Tessa's part for the fundraiser is getting more attention than theirs. Saige and Picasso do another run at the ranch, this time with success as they manage to pull off a gait without being distracted. At Mimi's ranch, Saige and Gabi bond. After Rembrandt knocks over Saige's painting, she gets an idea.  At school, Saige and Gabi propose combining their efforts in the fundraiser. Dylan and Tessa argue that they have their plans already set, but Saige disagrees, leading to a confrontation. Saige claims that the Tessa she knows would agree with her before flying into a rage against Dylan, accusing her of stealing the spotlight over her efforts, for which she is rejected by Tessa.  Saige tries to talk Mimi into doing artwork or coming to the parade, but Mimi doesn't think she can. Saige gets upset and confesses that the arrangements are worse than she has been admitting, but also that the Mimi she knows wouldn't give up, before running off. Another practice run with Picasso takes place, but when her parents and Gabi show up, Saige is too frustrated to continue. She worries that the fiesta is going to be a disaster and she doesn't have anymore fundraising ideas. Gabi leaves when Saige blurts out that she wants things to be the same as the year before.  During a hot air balloon ride, Saige's father advises her about accepting change. She later reconciles with Gabi, and apologizes to Mimi. After her horse practice, Saige goes to Mimi's studio and decides to paint over her horse painting with a painting knife, turning it into an abstract work. Tessa arrives, and both girls admit to their mistakes and reconcile, agreeing to work together for the fiesta. Saige gets an idea to use Mimi's unfinished mural for the concert. She also makes amends with Dylan, with the latter apologizing over how she was taking over Saige's fundraiser.  With the Balloon Fiesta taking place, Saige leads the parade in front of onlookers. She is nervous at first, but eventually overcomes her fears. The girls later put on a joint fund-raising art exhibit and concert as previously planned. The show is a success, but the school is short of the $5,000 goal. Saige then makes a speech in front of the audience about how important art is to her and to others, which pushes for some extra money to be put into the fundraiser from them. The donation goal is reached, with the art program being reinstated.  Back at the hot air balloon show, Saige, Tessa, Gabi, and Dylan (now all best friends) ride a hot air balloon Saige designed as the film ends.
Lulu Danger is a waitress in a coffee shop managed by her husband, Shane, in a small town. One evening while watching television, Lulu sees an advertisement for a mysterious, upcoming live show to be held at the town's hotel called An Evening with Beverly Luff Linn; For One Magical Night Only. She recognizes Beverly from photos she keeps hidden in a dresser drawer and gets excited.  Meanwhile, Shane becomes incensed when he learns that Lulu's brother, Adjay, has more money than him and that he keeps his life's savings in a lockbox at his spice store. With the help of his dimwitted employees, Carl and Tyrone, Shane steals the lockbox, though Adjay quickly recognizes him as the culprit. Later, at the laundromat, decrying his situation, Adjay meets a drifter named Colin who offers to retrieve the lockbox in exchange for $200.  Colin goes to the Dangers', where Lulu catches him snooping outside and mistakes him for a friend of Shane's. He pulls a gun on Shane and demands the lockbox, but, when he panics, Lulu takes charge, taking the gun from Colin, retrieving the lockbox, and forcing him to drive her to the hotel.   Colin and Lulu check in, where they both awkwardly and bizarrely flirt. Beverly checks into the hotel along with his sidekick, a Scottish man named Rodney. He and Lulu immediately recognize one another, though Beverly—who appears to be subverbal and communicates only through a series of grunts— does not indicate this to Rodney, who secretly harbors feelings for him.   Behind Rodney's back, Beverly attempts to arrange a meeting with Lulu via a note, but Rodney intercepts it and drugs him. When she arrives to meet Beverly, she instead finds Rodney wearing synchronized swimming makeup; he tells her not to come between him and Beverly.  On the night of the show, Beverly apparently falls ill and the event is postponed for 24 hours, then for another day as Colin, Lulu, Beverly, and Rodney all jockey for one another's affections and Shane arrives at the hotel in search of the lockbox. The show's nature remains elusive and guests speculate as to what it will entail.   A despondent Colin has sex with a woman he meets in the hotel bar, only to learn that she's a prostitute. Later, he confesses the liaison to Lulu, upsetting her. Colin further confesses he had been a virgin up until then. Later, demanding to know the reason for Lulu's fixation on Beverly, she confesses that he was her college poetry professor and that he left his wife for her; in the midst of their affair, he apparently drowned while they were on vacation, an event which emotionally destroyed her.  Lulu, Colin, and other guests gather for the show, which is a simple musical revue in which Rodney and Beverly perform whimsical Scottish folk melodies. Beverly suddenly becomes articulate, singing in an incongruous alto and regaling the audience with stories of his time visiting Scotland. Addressing Lulu, he gives a heartfelt speech about lost love, apologizing for breaking her heart and telling Rodney that, while he loves him as a friend, he has no romantic feelings for him. The event ends when Shane and Carl crash the show while Tyrone steals the lockbox from Colin's room. A fight erupts between Colin, Shane, Carl, and hotel security.  Following Beverly to his room, Lulu demands to know why Beverly faked his death. He confesses that the decision was impulsive and that he didn't really have a reason. Beverly further admits everything he says onstage is similarly impulsive and that he's unsure he meant anything he said. A heartbroken Lulu leaves.  Lulu and Colin meet in the hotel bar, where she tries to make amends for her treatment of him. When F.R. David's "Words" begins to play—a song neither have heard before—Lulu invites Colin onto the dance floor and they share an exuberant dance that abruptly ends with her jumping into his arms. Later they return to their room to have sex, but Lulu falls asleep while Colin undresses. As he gets into bed, Lulu wakes up and they tell each other “I love you.”
Mona Gray (Jessica Alba) systematically withdraws from life into a world of mathematics after a mysterious mental illness leaves her father (John Shea) incapacitated and a shell of his former self. Forced by her mother to move out on her own, Mona gets a job as a math teacher at an elementary school. There she discovers she has an unorthodox talent for teaching and finds herself thrust back into life again, with children to care for, and a reason to live. Mona takes special interest in one of her students, Lisa Venus (Sophie Nyweide), whose mother is dying of cancer.  When fellow teacher Ben Smith (Chris Messina) shows romantic interest in her, Mona reverts to some of her old self-destructive impulses. Eventually, Mona discovers her value in the love she shows her students, and Ben's patience is finally rewarded (which she didn’t owe him in any capacity) as the two find love in each other.
A war criminal is hiding in plain sight in an unnamed Balkan country. He is wanted internationally for ethnic cleansing and war crimes, but his country pretends his whereabouts to be unknown despite international pressures to turn him in. A retinue of loyalists watches over him and ensures his safety as he goes about his life in a city where his face is well known. He begins to form a relationship with his newly hired maid, Tanja, after he expresses loneliness to her. Initially treating her abusively, he gradually forms an awkward friendship with her. She is later revealed to be an agent who is hired to protect him. She reluctantly drives him to the cemetery in his home village. His driver, who had been waiting for them, kills her on the spot, and drives the General back to his apartment in the city. The last scene shows him awaiting his arrest, seated at his kitchen table, with a handgun and bullets laid out in front of him.  The character of the General is based on Ratko Mladić, who was ultimately sentenced to life in prison for war crimes committed in the Bosnian war.
Zoe (Sharon Hinnendael) and Mal (Jill Evyn) are two actresses who meet while filming a movie where they're cast as lovers. They end up falling in love in the process and all seems to go well until months later when Mal abandons her lover just when Zoe's career starts to really take off. While it appears that Mal had little reason to leave her lover, the truth is that Mal was formerly a drug addict and was afraid that Zoe would leave her, so she left Zoe before this could happen. The two end up being drawn back together when they're called back by Kara (Marina Rice Bader), the film director, to re-shoot their lovemaking scene for TV network distribution.  Zoe and Mal initially have a problem acting as both have pent-up feelings for each other, but Anne Pasternak (Constance Brenneman), the film's producer, helps them to work professionally. Anne also comforts both Zoe and Mal individually and keeps their confidence afloat. Zoe gets a call from her agent, who tells her that she should not have any shooting today. Zoe is then suspicious and calls Kara out. Kara then reveals to Zoe that there is no broadcast deal and she did this to ensure Zoe and Mal got back together. Zoe is upset upon hearing this and starts having a nervous breakdown. Anne once again helps calm the situation and Mal also calms Zoe down and kisses her. This decreases the tension between them and they are finally able to shoot the first scene.  Everyone is happy that they can move to the next shot. Zoe and Mal have a moment together and Zoe questions her why Mal left her. Mal explains her reason but Zoe is still upset and they end up arguing which prompts Kara and Anne to intervene, this finally leads to Kara revealing that there was no broadcast deal and that Kara was amazed to see Zoe and Mal fall in love with each other six months ago on the same set. She wanted Zoe and Mal to get back together and prove that love does exist. Kara then ends up canceling the shoot and packs up. Anne follows and demands to know the whole truth as she had worked for 15 years with Kara. Anne also tells her that she wanted Kara to notice her efforts. Kara then replies that Anne has always done an amazing job and that she is Anne's biggest fan. Anne then tells Kara that she loves her and kisses Kara (which surprises her).  Mal and Zoe continue to argue, and Zoe tells Mal that she is exactly like her mother. This upsets Mal, who locks herself in the restroom. Zoe apologizes for what she said and tries to console her, but Mal does not give in. Zoe then leaves the studio and sits in the middle of the road. Mal then comes searching for her and the two end up staring at each other with tears in both of their eyes.  The film concludes with a flashback scene to six months earlier where both Mal and Zoe fell in love with each other after filming their lovemaking scene and that they went home and made love to each other (for real and off-camera) for the first time.
In 1979, Ron Burgundy and Veronica Corningstone are married and co-anchors for a prestigious news network in New York City. One day, Mack Tannen, the most famous nightly news anchor in New York, reveals that he is retiring. He promotes Corningstone, making her the first female nightly news anchor in the history of television, and fires Burgundy due to his continuously sloppy performance on air. Burgundy grows jealous of Corningstone's success and storms out of the house, leaving her and their 6-year-old son Walter.  Six months later, Burgundy is back in San Diego, barely able to hold a job due to depression. After being fired from SeaWorld and botching a suicide attempt, Burgundy accepts a job offered to him by Freddie Shapp with GNN, the world's first 24-hour news network, for the station's official launch. Along with his dog Baxter, he reassembles his friends and news team Champ Kind, Brian Fantana, and Brick Tamland. They are assigned the unpopular late-night timeslot while obnoxious rival anchorman Jack Lime is put in a primetime slot. Meanwhile, Burgundy finds that Corningstone has started dating psychologist Gary.  As GNN launches, Burgundy decides to broadcast what the people want to hear, rather than what they need to hear. He and his team devise a sensationalist and patriotic newscast. Their new approach proves to be a hit, beating Lime in ratings massively, and the other news networks scramble to emulate them. Ron also wins a bet with Lime forcing him to legally change his name to Jack Lame.   Burgundy and his team are promoted to primetime, where they enjoy fame and fortune. Burgundy's success excites GNN's manager, Linda Jackson, and they begin seeing each other. Tamland meets similarly eccentric GNN office worker Chani and immediately falls in love. Burgundy lets his newfound fame get to his head and neglects his parental obligations to Walter, angering Corningstone. He also alienates Fantana, Kind, and Tamland, claiming he is tired of carrying them.  During a party celebrating GNN's success, Lame causes Burgundy to slip and suffer a head injury, resulting in him becoming blind. Unable to read the news, Burgundy isolates himself in a lighthouse, unable to adjust to his loss of vision. Corningstone arrives with Walter for a visit, announcing that she has quit her own job, and Burgundy bonds with his family, gradually adjusting to his disability. Burgundy and his son rehabilitate a small shark, naming him Doby before setting him free.   Later, Burgundy discovers that Corningstone was concealing messages from his eye doctor regarding an experimental procedure, as she thought his blindness has been significant in the family rebonding. He leaves angrily, gets his vision restored, and returns to GNN. Back in New York, Burgundy is once again approached by Corningstone, who pleads with him to attend Walter's piano recital. At the same time, an exclusive news story comes in, requiring him to cover it. However, on live television, Burgundy instead admits that news is supposed to inform, not entertain, and takes responsibility for the mistakes he made, following it up by quitting and walking off.   Burgundy leaves for Walter's recital but is intercepted by an angered Lame and his team and several other news teams, all of whom want to kill him due to his fame. Kind, Fantana, and Tamland arrive to defend him and a massive battle ensues. Burgundy's old arch-rival Wes Mantooth arrives in time to save him from Lame's news crew, before Tamland accidentally sets off an explosion. Burgundy reaches Walter's recital in time, and reconciles with Corningstone. Later, attending Tamland's and Chani's wedding on the beach, Ron spots Doby in the water. He tries to greet him, only to be attacked, forcing Baxter to rescue him.
Oren Little (Douglas), a realtor by trade, develops self-absorption, turning his back on his neighbors and shunning the notion of kindness to others. After his wife dies, part of his self-absorption is having no patience for children, not even his own now-adult estranged son. His next-door neighbor, Leah (Keaton), whose own husband has likewise died, never had any children of her own, which leads her to throw her soul and her tears into reviving a singing career that had stagnated.  One day, Oren's estranged son Luke suddenly leaves his father in charge of his own ten-year-old daughter Sarah (Sterling Jerins), a granddaughter whom Oren never knew existed. When Luke drops Sarah off at his home, needing his father to take care of her, neither Oren nor Leah, each of whom are lonely souls, have any reason to suspect that Sarah's involvement with their lives will enable them to heal their emotional wounds.
Two young American women, Stephanie and Ellie, are backpacking through South America. On their last day in Argentina, they decide to stay in a small hotel. After a drunken night at the local bar, where they encounter some of the local men, the two miss the bus that was supposed to take them to their next destination. Since the bus only comes once per day, they decide to head down to the nearby river to relax and enjoy their extra day off.  The trip takes a turn for the worse when the two are separated after a heated argument, and Ellie is kidnapped. While Stephanie desperately searches for her friend, she is joined by Michael, an American who claims to be looking for his girlfriend who disappeared months before.  The duo is assisted by the town's only police officer, who acts oddly suspicious. Stephanie finds the hide-out where the kidnapper has taken Ellie and manages to rescue her, but Ellie is later killed in the escape by the man who kidnapped her.  The policeman appears and lures Stephanie into his car. By finding her passport there, she understands that the lone police officer was behind all the missing girls and he is a corrupt cop. Michael grabs the policeman's weapon. The policeman offers to trade Michael's girlfriend, Camila, for Stephanie. Michael agrees but is shot by the policeman using a second weapon.  Stephanie is taken by the policeman and the kidnapper to be sold. This time she escapes herself by jumping off a boat while killing the kidnapper. Reaching the shore of Paraguay, she is caught by the buyer who is waiting for her and the Argentinean policeman who chased her, but she manages to escape again. The policeman chase her again killing a local fisherman who tried to help her on the way. She then hides inside the boat and grab a knife from the table. When the chaser enters the boat they fight and she eventually is able to stab him on the leg to grab his gun and kill the policeman. The last scene shows Stephanie walking to the nearest town at dawn when a jeep arrives and a Paraguayan militar woman comes out to finally rescue her.
Edwin and his only friend, Flake, navigate high school while dealing with relentless bullying and self-isolation. While Edwin is more sensitive and quiet, Flake is impulsive and explosive emotionally. There is extreme pressure on both of them, with faculty members and their own parents making assumptions that they are the ones at fault. In truth, the boys are both being bullied and the "fights" are one-sided. Edwin's parents, his father in particular, generally dismiss every remark he makes as petty teenage angst, and only start showing concern when the vice principal of the school invites them for a meeting. During an afterschool hangout at Flake's home, he shows Edwin his father's gun collection, floats the idea to shoot up their school, and Edwin reluctantly agrees out of loyalty to his childhood friend.  While developing the plan, Edwin's artistic ability is noticed by his art teacher, who later encourages him to join an art project to enter a competition. He is approached by two classmate girls who tell him they heard that he had art skills and they wanted him on their team, which he reacts to with a small smile, though Flake, by his side, mocks the girls. Edwin appears to gain self esteem incrementally in the process. However, this whole time, Flake hasn't given up on their "project," and the two are still being targeted for bullying. One afternoon there is a fight between Edwin and Flake at Flake's house which ends up with Edwin bloodied and crying at home. During the period of non-contact afterward, there is visible improvement in Edwin's mood and mental wellbeing. One evening, a man and his son are playing in a field while Edwin watches. Edwin politely asks for them to stop because the boy has Gus's beloved toy ball, but they keep walking, so in a moment of frustration, Edwin curses. The man becomes unreasonably aggressive and shoves Edwin to the ground, and they leave with Gus's ball. This affects Edwin profoundly, and he leans farther toward a mentality of seeking retribution. Flake and Edwin later make up and continue to develop their scheme. At a convenience store, they run into a younger acquaintance named Herman, who is also a target for bullying in the seventh grade for another seventh grader named Budzinski. When Flake unsuccessfully threatens Budzinski to stop, Budzinski targets Herman even more. Sporting a black eye, Herman sullenly tells Edwin, "Someone's got to do something," and voices that he wants to get a gun. This worries Edwin. Flake insists on letting Herman in on the plan.  As the day of the school assembly nears, Edwin's father's birthday is approaching as well. In an effort to connect with her son, Edwin's mother plans a family trip to the lake with a sailboat they used to take for outings. When Edwin hears this will be on the day of the shooting, he is struck with inner turmoil, but Flake threatens him not to back out of the plan. The night before the assembly, Edwin quietly watches over his younger brother, Gus, who he is very fond of, and later on that night goes to the school with Flake to block off the majority of the school doors and store their weapons in their lockers. That morning, he wishes his father good luck on his lecture and receives a reminder from his mother about the lake trip. At school, Flake gives him a quick run-down of their plan again, and urges Edwin to stick to it. Edwin is to go into the bathroom while the students filter into the gym for the assembly, get the duffel with guns, and then head into the gym with Flake. Flake shoots his classmates without hesitation, sending the audience frantically running. Edwin cannot bring himself to raise his gun, however, and Flake is killed by the police while struggling to reload his rifle.  The ending shows a flashback of Edwin and his family at the previously mentioned lake, with voiceover of Edwin relating a story about their having towed another boat to shore. Edwin mentions remembering clearly the joyful expression of the child passenger, while thinking in a paternal manner: "Good for you, kid. Good for you."
Jane and her husband, Leonard, travel to Naples, where Leonard has been hired to teach and perform with his instrument of choice, the viola. Jane and Leonard have a strained marriage, with Leonard, in Jane's belief, not being a supportive or caring husband. Jane is writing a sort of memoir about her grandmother's experiences in the world wars while her husband is at work. Jane visits the island of Ischia to avoid the isolation she faces alone in the couple's hotel room. While out on a walk, she meets the young and outgoing nineteen-year-old Caleb, with whom she strikes up an acquaintance. The two spend the afternoon together and share a dinner later that night. Caleb and Jane run away from the restaurant without paying making Jane feel alive, before Caleb confessing to her that he paid the bill when he went to the bathroom. Caleb asks for Jane's phone number but she refuses and catches a ferry back to her hotel room.  The following day Jane and Leonard share a lunch in which further strain is shown, with Leonard not understanding why Jane has such a fascination with and envy of the life of a 'young, care-free' teenager. As she is saying this, Caleb suddenly arrives at the restaurant and sits with the couple at Jane's invitation. Leonard shows signs of suspicion of the two and promptly asks for the check. The three walk towards Leonard's work and Caleb leaves them but not before writing his address on Jane's hand despite Leonard pointing out that he has a piece of paper. Jane and Leonard say goodbye to each other and Jane walks away and runs into Caleb again. Jane asks Caleb if he is following her to which he asks whether that would be weird. The two walk together and Caleb confesses to Jane that he couldn't sleep after meeting her and actually planned to bump into her so he could see her again. The two share a passionate kiss. However Jane soon pulls away and questions Caleb's motives before leaving and telling him not to follow her. Jane goes home to have a shower but writes down Caleb's address in her notebook so she doesn't lose it when it washes off.  Jane tries to reignite the spark in her marriage and tries to initiate intimacy between the two but Leonard rebuffs her, instead concentrating on his work. Once again, Jane begins to see the cracks in her marriage and soon follows the address in her book to find Caleb. The two share a day of walking, dancing and swimming around the island before the two have sex in his home. Jane goes back to her hotel room and husband the following morning where he scolds her for allowing him to worry about her, especially when she claims she was just walking all night. Jane tells Leonard that they need to talk but he insists that he needs to go to work.  That night, when Leonard arrives home they fight and Jane confesses her affair to him. Leonard is angry at first, throwing a glass at the wall, but soon asks Jane to do what she needs to do. He also asks her to meet him at the train station at four the following day so that can depart the country together and re-patch their marriage, no guilt and no questions asked.  Jane spends the next morning with Caleb but decides to leave him and reject his offer to travel with him. Jane appears at the train station where Leonard is waiting. Leonard smiles but also points out that she is on the wrong side of the tracks and needs to cross over so they can leave together. Jane smiles back with a hint of sadness and a train comes and blocks Leonard's view of Jane. When the train departs, Jane is gone also, implying she got on the train and left both Caleb and Leonard, leaving the latter alone in the train station.
A genetics professor's wife dies in a fire at her glass blowing studio, but he finds her brush with a few of her hairs in it.  He and his grad student assistant make a clone of her, but there are problems.  He keeps trying with slight changes to her environment.  He becomes so obsessed with trying to make the perfect match that he doesn't realize that his assistant has fallen in love with him.  Also, the life insurance adjuster isn't convinced that she really is dead.  The lab assistant then tries to clone the professor so she can have the person she loves, but he is unresponsive to her overtures.  The professor finally is able to make a clone and have it raised by the girl's original parents.  She is identical to his wife, but she says she doesn't love him.  He returns her to her parents.  Meanwhile, the life insurance adjuster accuses the professor of faking his wife's death, and offers to approve the claim on the condition that the professor gives him the $1,000,000 policy payout.  The professor kills the adjuster, then clones him.  He gets the clone drunk, and calls the police on him.  He gets to keep the payout.  The professor and grad student reconnect and realize that they should be together, but they have to deal with the professor and his former wife's clones.  Sure enough, the clones fall in love, and we know they will be as happy as the professor and his wife were.  And we know the professor and his lab assistant will be happy together too.
In 2045, Los Angeles Police Department detective Hammond (Michael Jai White) and his new partner "Andy" (Randy Wayne) — a state of the art crimefighting robot cop — are tasked with recovering a runaway Telepresence android containing the consciousness of Mayor Jacobs's (Charles S. Dutton) daughter Helen (Larissa Vereza), who remains unaware that she is a human mind in a machine body. Hammond does not trust machines due to a prior incident in which his partner was killed by an automated gun turret despite their using a code to control it, and maintains a tense, often sarcastic relationship with Andy. Hammond and Andy are dispatched to the "Zone," a quarantined section of Los Angeles devastated by an earthquake and subsequent nuclear leaks, which have infected and mutated the Zone's residents.  However, they are unaware that a number of their fellow LAPD officers are corrupt, working for Mayor Jacobs himself in a plan to provoke violence with the goal of justifying an invasion of the Zone and termination of its residents. The corrupt cops are led by Sgt. Jones (Kadeem Hardison), Hammond's colleague. Hammond and Andy reach the Zone and trace Helen's cellphone, but have to be rescued by her when a bomb is planted on their car. She reveals to them that Zone residents are giving birth to healthy, mutation-free children, causing them to realize that the story about nuclear leaks was a lie. En route to what they believe to be an extraction point, Hammond, Andy and Helen realize that the lie about nuclear leakage was spread to manipulate land prices, and that the real source of the disease is the food drop program for which Mayor Jacobs has received honor.  At the extraction point, Helen realizes she is an android, and Hammond comforts her. Jones and a team of corrupt cops arrive intending to kill Hammond, Andy and Helen, but Andy discovers their motives using analysis of their facial motions. As Hammond and Helen flee, the corrupt cops initiate their Plan 'B,' overriding the controls of a police android — however, it is not Andy, it is Hammond. The incident at the gun turret in the past had actually involved Hammond suffering mortal injuries, while Helen was hurt trying to help him. Both were placed on life support and given control of Telepresence androids. Hammond resists the attempts to force him to terminate Helen and overloads the control computer, leaving himself in full control of his actions. Andy holds off Jones's squad, and the three escape. They decide they must reach the city and publicize the truth about Mayor Jacobs's plan.  As a desperate, last-ditch attempt to salvage their plans, the corrupt cops disconnect Hammond and Helen's life support, leaving them with only around twenty minutes before their android bodies shut down. Andy leaps onto the flying vehicle carrying Jones's team and crashes it, while Hammond and Helen crash into the hospital. With very little time left, they embrace in the back seat of their car, and Hammond dies. Andy reaches Helen with help from her nurse android, whose computers he had accessed earlier, and gives her an injection. Mayor Jacobs arrives, and believing Helen to be dead, thanks Andy for his service and claims Helen signed a do not resuscitate order, which must be enforced. However, Helen wakes up and remembers everything, much to Jacobs's shock. Andy uses his systems to broadcast their conversation, revealing Mayor Jacobs's treachery to the public. The remaining honest police arrive to arrest Jacobs, who commits suicide.  Sometime later, Hammond's neural patterns have been programmed into a full android, resurrecting him in a body similar to Andy's. Maintaining their sarcastic but productive partnership, they go out on duty again.
Animals and plants, including the hedgehog Andy and an evil cat, are given the ability to talk after a fairy grants a girl a wish. Andy starts his journey as soon as he begins to speak. He travels far across the country and struggles to combat robbers with his teeth. The girls father (Dean Cain) helps and the journey continues.
Philosophy professor Walter Zarrow is wounded during a mugging. In an effort to escape he rings buzzers indiscriminately, waking Sam, a middle-aged father of two having an affair in the city. Sam reluctantly answers Zarrow's pleas, and Zarrow loses consciousness in his arms. Through an exploration of why these men, along with the mugger, and an addict named Joe, come together, we explore New York City. The experience of Zarrow, Sam, Joe and Zarrow's assailant ripple quickly out to include the connected lives of a housewife struggling with alcoholism, a stoner teen desperate to lose his virginity, a brilliant but failed writer fighting addiction, two parents confronting the prospect of terminal illness, and a brilliant grad student who harms herself to feel alive.
Secret Service agent Mike Banning undergoes training at a military facility in Virginia, owned by his former Army Ranger commanding officer Wade Jennings, now CEO of private military company Salient Global. He is recommended for the position of Secret Service Director by U.S President Allan Trumbull, to replace retiring director David Gentry, but hides the fact that he suffers from migraines and insomnia and takes painkillers to cope with chronic back pain from previous combat injuries.  While Trumbull is on a private fishing trip at Queen's Lake in Williamsburg, a swarm of armed drones attack and kills his protection detail, with only Banning surviving and saving him. Both are incapacitated, but Banning recovers while Trumbull is left in a coma. FBI agent Helen Thompson is presented with falsified evidence implicating Banning in the attack, leading to his arrest. En route to a detention facility, Banning's transport is ambushed but he escapes after killing the attackers and unmasking them as mercenaries from Salient Global with whom he partook in a training exercise. Realizing that Jennings has betrayed and framed him, he calls his wife Leah from a nearby gas station, letting her know he is alive and determined to expose the real perpetrator. The call alerts Thompson to his location, forcing him to steal a militia man's 18-wheeler truck while pursued by many police officers. Banning escapes after crashing the truck and eventually makes his way to his estranged father, Clay, who's been living off-grid in a cabin in the backwoods of White Hall, West Virginia.  At the White House, Vice President Martin Kirby, now acting president, tells the press that Banning is responsible for the assassination attempt with support from the Russian government. Banning and his father see Salient mercenaries approaching the house, and Clay detonates multiple explosives around the perimeter, killing the would-be attackers as he and Banning escape. They split up; Clay goes to Banning's house and saves Leah and Lynne from a kidnapping attempt by Wade's mercenaries. Finding the bodies of Jennings' gunmen lined up against Clay's cabin, Thompson deduces that Banning was being set up after all. Trumbull awakens from his coma and Kirby is revealed to be Jennings' secret co-conspirator, planning to retaliate for Trumbull's "attempted assassination" against Russia. Thompson and another agent, Ramirez, confront Jennings on an airfield, but he kills them both.  Banning reaches the hospital and turns himself in. Trumbull orders his release when he realizes that the Salient mercenaries are attempting to kill him and only Banning can keep him alive. Banning leads Trumbull to safety with help from Gentry and other loyal agents as Jennings' mercenaries increase the hospital's ICU's oxygen and nitrogen supply to unstable levels, causing an explosion that levels the hospital. Banning hides Trumbull and Gentry as Jennings' men pursue them. In the ensuing gun battle, Jennings and his men kill most of Trumbull's security detail, but Banning thwarts a flanking attempt and forces the mercenaries to retreat after they are delayed long enough to allow U.S. federal law enforcement officers to arrive. Jennings and his remaining men are gathering on the rooftop to escape in a helicopter but Banning destroys it with a grenade launcher. Although Jennings manages to survive the explosion, Banning fatally wounds him in a knife fight.  Banning is exonerated while Trumbull and Gentry arrest Kirby for treason and corruption, revealing that Jennings had kept detailed records of Kirby's involvement, as an insurance policy, which were uncovered by Thompson. Clay decides to live with Banning and his family. Feeling guilty over his failure to protect Trumbull and concealing his ailments, Banning offers his resignation, but Trumbull forgives him and offers Banning the promotion to Director, which he proudly accepts.
Lizzie is distraught with the loss of her newborn daughter Rosie, who died in a hospital fire along with 12 mothers and babies. 7 years later she's desperately trying to process the steps of grieving and raise her son, Thomas, who she has shared custody of with her ex, Mike. At a birthday party for her son’s friend, she sees a little girl whom she immediately believes to be Rosie. She befriends the girl’s parents, Claire and Bernard, by faking interest in their for-sale house. Their sons become friends and she learns the girl’s name is Lola.  She starts to lose a grip on her reality and frequently finds ways to be alone with Lola. Lizzie becomes so consumed with watching her that she loses her job and forgets to pick up her son. Her ex-husband, parents and therapist confront her at home and Mike threatens to take their son away if she doesn’t get help. She tells them that she’s almost sure Rosie survived the fire and is now Lola.  Lizzie elects to gather DNA evidence to prove her suspicion but after several incidents Claire has told her to stay away. Lizzie tries to sneak into their going-away party, but is soon caught and escorted out. She waits in her car and sneaks back in as the guests are leaving. She hides and falls asleep in Lola’s closet. When she wakes up she takes Lola’s hairbrush to test and tries to sneak out. Lizzie is almost out the door when Claire sees her. A violent struggle ensues and Lizzie tells her to kill her because she’ll never stop. Claire emotionally admits that she saved Lola. Her baby died of smoke inhalation and she found a crying baby with a woman face down on the floor. She presumed Lizzie dead and presented the baby as her own. Then it’s shown that Bernard and the two children were standing in the hall and heard her confession. Lizzie tells Mike the news and he apologizes. Claire is then arrested for child theft, kidnapping and custodial interference.  Some time later Lizzie is seen with her family preparing for their first visit with Lola. Thomas asks how often they will see her and Mike replies they’ll know more after Claire’s trial. Bernard brings in Lola and a tearful Claire exchanges a look with Lizzie from the car. Lola is reunited with her biological family.
History professor Michael (Harry Connick Jr.) as a child loved Christmas, but as an adult is less than enthused about it. His family tries to get him, his wife and ten year old to also do Christmas with them at Thanksgiving, but he refuses.  Upset, his son David goes outside. There, Michael tells him the story of how he had his holiday spirit crushed. He and his brother David snuck out to go skating at the lake near their grandfather's. They suffered a tragic accident when they started racing. His brother realised the ice started to crack near the center, and he flung Michael to the edge, falling through himself.  Right after Michael and his wife are told the house they are renting has been sold, he has an accident mountain biking, caused by a reindeer, and is forced to walk his bike home. Seeing a house for sale, he stops and the owner Nick (Willie Nelson) invites him to come see it. Impulsively, he offers Michael the house, although he only pay half of what it's worth, under two conditions. He must accept immediately and upkeep it in line with the neighborhood.  As an adult, Michael still can't find the joy of Christmas, as he blamed himself for his big brother's death. So, their being barraged with carolers and holiday decorations upon their arrival, and for days and days makes him exasperated. He stockpiles them in the attic, as he refuses to put them up. Then, Michael's dad has a car accident while bringing David home. The child suffers a concussion, and his grandfather doesn't survive.  Michael's son David, facing the tragedy of his grandfather's death and blaming himself, motivates Michael to find his holiday spirit again. He gets a push in the right direction when he finds Nick again. He tells him that happy memories are the important ones. Michael seeks the help of his neighbor Griffin (Lyle Lovett) to help him decorate the house. Finally, David leaves his room, sees the lights and helps his dad turn them on. We see Michael's old home videos and see the face of Nick on the Santa he visits, the same who helps him find the joy of Christmas again.
Vallie Sue Russell, an imaginative small-town girl, living in a dusty Texas community built on an abandoned drive-in movie lot turns to an imaginary friend, The Cowboy, for solace from her self-absorbed mother and the dangerous world around her. A mysterious Native American, Tenkill, and two local lowlifes turn Vallie Sue's world upside down, changing her life forever.
Allison Pyke is an angel who receives smartphone notifications for miracles to perform in exchange for points (the Miracle on the Hudson earns her 40,000 points). She has been trapped in New York City for nine years trying to earn 10,000 points to be admitted into heaven for having led a life that was "good but not too good" as Megan Dorsey. As part of her cover, she works as a waitress and regularly has sex with her boss James Barker.  Leonard, another angel in New York who competes with her for miracles, tells her she would get more points if she shows initiative, so when she gets a notification to save a college student's computer, she asks the student about his crush and unites him with her. She is awarded over 11,000 points for helping them find true love, and her angel mentor, Jason Biggs, congratulates her personally and tells her she will be transported to heaven by Greyhound Lines.  At the bus station, she finds Patrick Dorsey, her husband from her past life, and his new love Jill, arriving from Nebraska to spend the holidays in New York. Knowing that if she reveals her identity she will lose all her points, she offers to be their tour guide as an excuse to spend time with him before leaving Earth. Despite Jason Biggs warning her of the risk, she invites them to a Christmas party with Barker and his barista Connie.  As she slowly gets drunk on eggnog, it becomes harder for her to hide her jealousy towards Jill. Barker notices and tries to ask her about it. Jason Biggs, watching from the gates of heaven, tries to get her to stop via SMS. She runs from Barker and her phone and tells Patrick the truth. They kiss but are seen by Jill.  Pyke faints and awakens the next day to be told by Jason Biggs she needs to make up her lost points by "cleaning up [her] mess", so she finds Connie, Barker, Jill, and Patrick and tries to apologize to each in turn. Patrick is able to get closure by talking to her and accepts Jill as his new significant other, which allows her to recover all her points.  She travels to heaven with Leonard but keeps watching the miracle requests that appear on her phone. Two weeks after her ascension, she sees a request for Barker, who is about to get crushed by a falling pipe. She steals Gandhi's afterlife car and manages to stop Baker just in time. Before she can let him know it was her, a female French jogger comes check on him, and it is implied he will travel with her to France to fulfil all the dreams he's been holding back on to be with Pyke.  For stealing the car, she is sentenced to 100,000 points, and begins by trying to replicate the Miracle on the Hudson, this time in San Francisco Bay.
In 1983, 2 million copies of the "worst video game of all time", ET for the Atari 2600, are dumped into a landfill outside Alamogordo, New Mexico. In the present day, game executive Mandi (Sarah Glendening) of Cockburn Industries, Inc. proposes to her bosses creating an intentionally bad sequel, EeeTee 2. Thanks to the popularity and success of the Angry Video Game Nerd, sales of poorly made video games have increased dramatically, and a review of EeeTee 2 by the Nerd would drive his fans to buy the game.  The Nerd (James Rolfe) and his sidekick Cooper Folly (Jeremy Suarez) are working on a video game review. The Nerd has become disheartened over the years, as his fans continue to buy and play the games he reviews and warns people to stay away from. On top of this, the Nerd must promote and sell bad video games as part of his job at GameCops. When he discovers marketing for EeeTee 2, his fans encourage him to review ET, something he has stood against for years because the game scarred him as a child. After some personal thought, the Nerd decides to go to Alamogordo to debunk the conspiracy theory surrounding the buried cartridges, promising to review the game if the theory proves to be true. He is accompanied by Cooper and Mandi, and the trip is completely funded by Cockburn Industries.  While filming their expedition, Cooper reveals that he believes in a super-being known as Death Mwauthzyx, who has the power to destroy all existence. Sergeant McButter (Helena Barrett) and the legless General Dark Onward (Stephen Mendel), thinking the trio is looking for extraterrestrials, attempt to capture them. Onward accidentally blows his right arm off with a grenade, giving the trio enough time to escape.  The Nerd, Cooper and Mandi search for the creator of ET, Howard Scott Warshaw, for answers. They instead stumble across the home of Dr. Zandor (Time Winters), who tells them that ETs level design is an exact map of Area 51. Dr. Zandor gave the code to Warshaw to help him meet the five-week deadline Atari set for ETs completion, and to exact revenge on the government for kidnapping and holding hostage an alien he was attempting to free. The government ordered the burial of the cartridges, while Zandor escaped with the metallic material Area 51 was researching at the time in an attempt to reassemble the alien's spaceship, replacing it with tin foil. Mandi is captured by McButter while wandering outside of the house. The Nerd and Cooper, believing she is a double agent, do not go after her.  Going back to the Alamogordo site, the Nerd and Cooper discover a large crowd of fans and the head of Cockburn Industries promoting the release of EeeTee 2 with the promise of digging out a copy of the original ET from the site. The Nerd tells his fans there are no cartridges buried there, but Warshaw himself appears and tells fans the opposite. Annoyed, the Nerd breaks into Area 51 disguised as an alien. He is captured, and General Onward attempts to force him to play ET. Onward launches a missile at Mount Fuji, the basis for the Atari logo, and while leaving the room, gets his left arm cut off in the door. During the launch countdown, an alien resembling the one in ET grabs the Nerd and pulls him to safety.  The destruction of Mount Fuji releases Death Mwauthzyx, who was trapped inside the mountain. Meanwhile, Mandi keeps McButter away from the Nerd and Cooper's location, eventually leading them to a confrontation on the Eiffel Tower in Las Vegas.  The Nerd and alien escape in a fighter jet similar to one in the NES Top Gun video game, while the alien reveals Death Mwauthzyx can destroy all existence by turning the satellite dish on his head. Cooper is captured by Death Mwauthzyx and brought to Las Vegas, where Mandi knocks McButter off the Eiffel Tower to her death. Mandi is also captured by Death Mwauthzyx. The Nerd and Alien crash-land at the Alamogordo site, where a captured Dr. Zandor shouts to them that he hid the alien's spaceship metal inside the millions of ET game cartridges. Alien summons every single copy of the game to form the spaceship. The Nerd and Alien leave for Las Vegas to stop Death Mwauthzyx. The limbless General Onward is killed when attempting to stop them.  The Nerd fires a laser at Death Mwauthzyx's satellite dish, with the laser bouncing around inside of it before being shot into space where it seemingly comes across many mysteries of the universe, and somehow returns to strike the satellite dish again. Afterwards, Death Mwauthzyx puts on a pair of Groucho Marx glasses and nose, laughs and flies away from the Earth. They return to the Alamogordo site and reunite with Dr. Zandor and the Nerd's fans. Cooper and Mandi share a kiss, and then the Nerd reviews EeeTee 2. Afterwards, the Nerd finally reviews the original Atari 2600 ET during the end credits for his fans, then delivers a heartfelt message about classic games and not-so-classic games, before the Alien leaves for good.
A teenage girl named Lucy (Amberley Gridley) and her mother Sarah (Karina Logue) are driving when Lucy asks her mother if she can go on a camping trip. When Sarah tells Lucy no, Lucy angrily gets out of the car only to be hit by an oncoming car.  Tess (Ryan Simpkins), a teenage girl that has suffered for years from what appears to be mental instability, has moved into a new house with her mother Jessica (Annika Marks), hoping to have a new start. As Tess and her mother are settling in, Tess skateboards by the road where Lucy was hit-while observing the cross that has Lucy's picture on it, an unseen force pushes Tess down in the dirt and won't let her leave. Eventually Tess is able to get up and walk home but is now beginning to see phenomena that Tess attributes to her hallucinations. Tess eventually comes upon Sarah's bookstore and says something to Sarah that only Lucy would know, which leaves Sarah suspicious. Eventually, Tess is forced to confront her hallucinations and looks into a mirror and witnesses her eye color changing from blue to brown repeatedly. After having what seems like a mental breakdown, Tess eventually collapses by the front door just as Jessica returns from work. Tess is taken to the hospital where she is put on constant supervision, medication and therapy. A priest from Jessica's local church comes by to see Tess and suggests that possession may be involved.  Tess is discharged and returns to her bedroom to see that Jessica boarded up Tess' bedroom window for Tess' protection. After still exhibiting paranormal phenomena and refusing to eat, Jessica is driving Tess into town when Tess suddenly lunges from the car and runs off into a neighborhood and eventually reaches Sarah and Lucy's house. Tess embraces Sarah while Jessica, who had followed Tess, looks on in confusion and fear. While 'Tess' explores Lucy's bedroom, Sarah explains to Jessica that Tess may have a gift where she can channel spirits and let them take possession of her own body so they can say goodbye to their loved ones and move on. Sarah believes that Lucy has taken possession of Tess and that by talking to Lucy through Tess' body, she can convince Lucy to move on. At first, Lucy says she does not want to leave and that Tess does not want to return because she is tired of the doctors and constant medicine but Sarah tells Lucy that moving on is the right thing to do and Lucy eventually agrees. Lucy leaves Tess' body, but another spirit has apparently entered Tess' body and lunges from the bed and tries to run away only to have Sarah and Jessica lock Tess in the basement. Jessica goes down to find Tess, promising that she'll do better as a parent, only to have 'Tess' run up and fight with her. After a struggle, Jessica is looking at Tess in fear when Lucy reenters Tess' body and wants to see her mother.  Lucy asks for one more night with her mother and Jessica agrees. After the night is over, Sarah tells Lucy that it's time to move on and Lucy exits Tess' body, finding herself in a type of spirit world surrounded by other spirits. Lucy wanders until she finds Tess who reveals that she wants to go back and hugs Lucy. Suddenly, an invisible force attacks Lucy and a bright light appears to signify that Lucy has moved on. Tess returns to her body and life seems to go back to normal, her mother not sure if Tess has improved or not. Later, in the coffee shop, Tess is asked her name but doesn't reply. Back at home, Tess is playing and singing a song (the same one Lucy made up while swinging) on her guitar; she looks up and her eye color changes from blue to brown.
One night, Two married couples, Carl and Vicky, and Douglas and Barbara, being chased through the woods by a mysterious beast. Barbara is killed as Douglas tries to save her.  Sometime later, five college students, Alissa, her boyfriend Matt, her half-brother Jeff, Jeff's girlfriend Mandy, and their friend Sean arrive in the forest to hike. Jeff gets the others to try to find a waterfall he, Alissa, and their father used to go to as kids, but they end up taking so long that it is dark by the time they start walking back to the car. Along the way, they discover the remains of Barbara's body and encounter the same monster that killed her. It chases them through the forest. They see a cabin in the distance. When they try to get to the cabin, it kills Jeff.  When they arrive at the cabin, the group desperately bangs on the doors and screams for whoever is inside to help them. As the monster approaches, the people in the cabin finally open the door for them. Mandy gets attacked as she enters the cabin, but the group manages to pull her in and board up the door. In the cabin, they find Carl, Vicky, and Douglas, who have sealed the windows and walls with boards to protect themselves against the creature. While Carl and Vicky are hopeful that they will be rescued soon, Douglas is bitterly cynical. The creature almost breaks into the house, but they hold it off. Matt volunteers to take a walkie-talkie and make a run for the car while Carl and Sean keep watch for the creature. However, his screams are heard on the walkie-talkie. Douglas attempts to board up the entrance, leaving Sean and Carl to die outside, but the girls help them get in through the back. The group ties Douglas to the stairs, no longer trusting him.  Mandy reveals to Alissa that she is pregnant while Sean confesses to Mandy that he and Jeff were having an affair. The group discovers Matt, barely alive, in the cellar, along with the animal. They get Matt upstairs but Carl is killed. Douglas proposes that the group let the animal eat Matt as a bait so they can escape. The group refuses and decides to trap the animal inside the house and burn it down. However, when they untie Douglas to help, he beats Matt to death, calling the others weak. The animal breaks in and kills Douglas. As it eats his body, the others spread kerosene throughout the house. Alissa lures the animal into the trap. She sets the fire and burns the monster to death.  However, a second animal suddenly appears in the cellar and kills Sean and Vicky. Mandy and Alissa flee into the woods. Alissa is killed but Mandy is able to reach the car. The second animal attacks her and Mandy manages to kill it by running its head over with the car. She escapes and drives away, in tears.  Meanwhile, a third animal is seen sniffing at the second animal's corpse, where it grunts aggressively, suggesting a call to the pack.
In 1962, brothers "Buffalo" Bob and Horatio Huntington run a traveling circus together, doing well in spite of their vastly different personalities. After a show, the circus' resident gypsy fortune teller Esmerelda presents her beautiful niece Talia to her employers, asking them to give her a job. Bob and Horatio are both immediately smitten with the lovely woman, but her affections are solely for Bob.  When the pair announce their plans to marry in 1964, Horatio becomes furious and delivers an ultimatum to his brother to choose either him or Talia. Bob marries Talia and Esmerelda gives them a mysterious box as a wedding gift, which allows them to open a new circus. Buffalo Bob's Rootin' Tootin' Animal Circus, known for animals performing amazing and seemingly impossible feats.  Years later, Bob's nephew Owen marries his childhood friend Zoe at the circus where they had first met as kids. Following the initial excitement however, Owen soon discovers he now has to work as a taste tester for Zoe's father Mr. Woodley at his dog biscuit factory. His co-worker Binkley is trying to create a new type of dog biscuit which keeps getting ruined by Mr. Woodley's personal assistant Brock.  A few years later, Horatio, whose luck has taken a serious downturn since his fight and split with Bob, sneaks into Bob and Talia's dressing rooms, trying to find the secret to the magic animals, and accidentally starts a fire which apparently kills Bob and Talia. Their funeral is attended by Owen, Zoe, and their daughter Mackenzie. Horatio makes an unexpected visit and announces that he'll be taking over the circus. Huntington and his henchmen Mario Zucchini, Samson, Stabby, and El Diablo start a fight, causing the Huntingtons to leave.  Before they leave, circus pets Old Blue and Zena give the Huntingtons the mysterious box, they later discover it holds animal crackers. Owen eats one and turns into a hamster. The Huntingtons return to the circus to figure out how this happened. They learn from the clown Chesterfield that the animal crackers will turn the user into the animal they eat, but it contains only one human cookie to change them back. Later, he tells them they inherited the circus. Zoe is excited, but Owen, determined to please Mr. Woodley, decides to continue his job. Zoe restores the circus while Owen stays at the dog biscuit factory. Frustrated that Zoe quit her job, Mr. Woodley begins to consider Brock as her replacement.  Buffalo Bob's Rootin' Tootin' Animal Circus reopens, but is a disaster upon the discovery of no animals. Owen reluctantly decides to eat the animal crackers and performs stunts as an animal. By the end of the day, Owen grows to like it and decides to quit his job. As his finishes packing up though, Brock unwittingly eats one of the cookies and turns into a mandrill. To catch up with him, Owen turns into a lion, but Brock gets captured by Mario Zucchini, who also steals cookie pieces. Upon returning home, Owen soon discovers he has lost the human cookie and will remain an animal forever. He attempts to adapt to life as a different animal, but has little success. Binkley discovers the animal crackers and aggressively persuades Mr. Woodley to attend the circus.  At one performance, Horatio appears and offers Owen's gorilla form his human cookie (which Mario had also unknowingly stolen) in exchange for the circus. Owen refuses, thinking that remaining an animal will at least keep his family together, but he is forced into the deal by Horatio's hybridized henchmen as they help Horatio force-feed him the human cookie. The circus performers then come across the scene and a fight breaks out, with some of them assuming animal forms to fight.  As his henchmen are defeated, Horatio eats some crackers and turns into a six-limbed chimera. He then is confronted by Old Blue and Zena who reveal themselves as Bob and Talia, alive but forever trapped in animal form due to the destruction of their human cookies in the fire. They ask Horatio to redeem himself, but he refuses despite being horrified with what happened. Horatio flies up while grasping them. Owen uses Bullet Man in his rhinoceros form to shoot down Horatio as he, Horatio and Bob land in the net while Mackenzie turns into a Golden snub-nosed monkey to save Talia. Afterwards, Owen, Zoe, and Mackenzie, and the circus performers work together to subdue Horatio. As Horatio vows to have his revenge, Owen turns him into a hamster as Bullet Man quotes In Memoriam A.H.H.  As the circus performers, Zoe, and Mackenzie regain their human forms, Chesterfield gleefully tells the caged henchmen that their human cookies are broken as a side-effect of eating the broken pieces and it will take him awhile to figure out whose parts go to whom. Mario subsequently tells Chesterfield to take his time with the others in agreement. Horatio demands to be released from his hamster cage to no avail as he starts running on a hamster wheel.  Having witnessed the performance and Brock still being in mandrill form, Mr. Woodley reevaluates his views on both Owen and the circus. With Binkley, he decides to create a new circus souvenir using her failed experiments. By the next show, they have made animal crackers that cause the eater's skin to temporarily take on the color and patterns of the animal whose cracker they eat. Owen consumes a new animal cracker that just appeared in the box and takes the stage as a dragon.
In 1990, Anna, a young Russian woman and victim of domestic abuse, will do anything to escape the life she is trapped in. A KGB agent, Alex, discovers Anna's predicament and recruits her as a field operative. After a year of training, she is told that for the next five years, she will work under senior KGB handler Olga; once the five years are up, she will be discharged from the agency and can start her life over again. However, the new director of the KGB, Vassiliev, refuses to honor the original agreement as he believes that former agents are a liability to the agency and that the only path to freedom is death.  Anna assumes the identity of a fashion model and starts a professional career in Paris, while completing various missions and assassinations. To avoid suspicion, she enters into a romantic relationship with fellow model Maude, endorsed by Olga. When the CIA uncovers her true identity, she agrees to work for them as a double agent with Agent Leonard Miller as her handler, in exchange for the promise of a new life in Hawaii. Miller asks her to assassinate Vassiliev, as the CIA believes that whoever succeeds him will improve their working relationship with the KGB. Anna kills Vassiliev while the two play a game of chess and proceeds to shoot her way out of the KGB.   She then arranges a meeting with both Alex and Miller, returning information to each that she had previously stolen, but insinuating that a copy had been kept and would be released if anything happened to her.  Alex tells her that the information will be stale and worthless in 6 months, but Anna responds that 6 months of freedom was more than she had ever experienced before.  By accepting the return of their data both Miller verbally, and Alex tacitly agree to allow Anna to disappear for as long as she can.  The meeting area is under surveillance and Olga watches the meeting occur.  Shortly after Anna leaves the meeting, Olga catches up to her and shoots her dead for betraying the KGB. Miller and Alex hold each other at gunpoint, with Alex refusing to let Miller help Anna before both men are forced to retreat. Miller then attempts to get video proof that Anna is still alive, but her body is quickly collected by medical personnel before he can do so. It turns out that "Anna" is a body double; the real Anna slips into the sewers, changes her clothes, and removes the wig from her shaved head before vanishing into the shadows.  It is revealed that Olga had earlier revealed to Anna her knowledge of the CIA's planned assassination of Vassiliev. Both women conspired to go along with the CIA's plan as Olga wanted to take Vassiliev's place. As Olga moves into Vassiliev's former office, she views a recorded message left for her by Anna, who expresses her gratitude to Olga but reveals she kept evidence of Olga's involvement in Vassiliev's murder in case her old handler betrays their agreement. Olga smiles in admiration and proceeds to delete Anna's file from the KGB's official database.
In the Russian Empire in 1874, Princess Darya, nicknamed "Dolly", banishes her unfaithful husband Prince Stephan "Stiva" Oblonsky. Stiva's sister, Anna Karenina, a socialite living in Saint Petersburg with her older husband Count Alexei Karenin, and son Seryozha, travels to Moscow to persuade Dolly to forgive her brother.  Stiva meets old friend Konstantin "Kostya" Levin, a landowning aristocrat despised by Moscow's elite for preferring the countryside to city life. Levin says he loves Stiva's sister-in-law, Princess Kitty, and Stiva encourages him to propose. Kitty declines as she hopes to marry Count Alexei Vronsky, a wealthy officer. Levin meets his older brother Nikolai, who has renounced his inheritance and lives as man and wife with Masha, a prostitute. Nikolai suggests that Levin should marry a peasant. On the train, Anna meets Vronsky's mother, Countess Vronskaya, isolated by her own infidelities. Anna meets Vronsky and they are instantly attracted to each other. Anna eventually convinces Dolly to take Stiva back. At a ball, Kitty dances once with Vronsky, but throughout the evening he prefers Anna, upsetting Kitty. Vronsky tells Anna he must be wherever she goes.  Back in Saint Petersburg, Vronsky and Anna soon begin to stir gossip. Despite the fact that he has a promotion awaiting him in Tashkent, he refuses it and Anna agrees that she does not want him to leave. They later meet and make love.  Stiva informs Levin that Kitty and Vronsky will not be married. Levin focuses on country life and contemplates marrying a peasant's daughter.  Anna and Seryozha go to the Karenin estate outside Saint Petersburg. Anna visits Vronsky and reveals her pregnancy, and he wants her to leave Karenin. Anna suggests that Karenin come to the horse races but betrays her feelings when Vronsky's horse falls. Afterwards, Anna admits to her husband she is Vronsky's mistress and Karenin says she must renounce him. Levin realises he still loves Kitty. Months later, Anna receives Vronsky. He tells her that his military duties have delayed his visit. Karenin discovers Vronsky visited and steals his letters in order to give himself grounds for a divorce.  Karenin visits Stiva and Dolly to say he is divorcing Anna. They beg him to forgive her, but he refuses. Levin and Kitty, having reunited, announce their love and marry. Anna goes into premature labour and sends for Vronsky, although she later says he could never be the man Karenin is. Karenin returns, believing Anna is dying and forgives her. Anna survives and decides to stay with her husband.  Vronsky persuades Anna to change her mind and they leave for Italy with their daughter, Anya.  Levin and Kitty return to his estate, where a sickly Nikolai lives with Masha in a storeroom. Levin tells Kitty he will send Masha away so Kitty does not have to meet her, but Kitty ignores societal norms to help Masha nurse Nikolai. Levin's love for Kitty grows.  Anna returns to Saint Petersburg for Seryozha's birthday, but Karenin dismisses her. Anna begins to suspect Vronsky of infidelity. She attends the opera with Princess Myagkaya, an outspoken socialite, but the rest of the audience shun her. Humiliated, Anna retains her poise, only to break down at her hotel. She uses morphine to sleep.  Dolly tells her that Kitty is in Moscow to give birth. Dolly says Stiva's behaviour is unchanged, but she has come to accept and love him.  Vronsky informs Anna he must meet his mother for business. Anna becomes upset when Princess Sorokina brings Vronsky back to his home, as she believes Countess Vronskaya wants Vronsky to marry her. Anna returns to Vronsky's estate. On the train, she imagines Vronsky and Princess Sorokina making love and laughing at her. Arriving in Moscow, Anna says to herself, "Oh God. Forgive me," and jumps under a train. The scene flashes to a shocked Vronsky.  Levin returns home from work to find Kitty bathing their child. Stiva and his family eat with Levin and Kitty. Karenin, retired, is seen at his estate, with Seryozha and Anya playing.
In Santa Monica, California, John Form, a doctor, presents his expectant wife Mia with a rare vintage porcelain doll as a gift for their first child, to be placed in a collection in their daughter's nursery.  That night, the couple is disturbed by the sounds of their next door neighbors, the Higgins, being murdered during a home invasion. While Mia calls the police, she and John are attacked by the Higgins' killers. The police arrive and shoot one killer, a man, dead while the female killer kills herself by slitting her throat inside the nursery while holding the doll. News reports identify the assailants as the Higgins' estranged daughter, Annabelle, and her boyfriend, both members of a cult.  In the days following the attack, a series of paranormal activities occur around the Forms' residence. Afterwards, Mia gives birth to a healthy baby girl, which they name Leah. The family moves to an apartment in Pasadena.  After finding the doll (which John had discarded since Annabelle's previous attack) in one of their boxes, another set of paranormal events plague Mia and her daughter.   Mia calls the detective who handled the original case, and learns that the cult intended to summon a demonic spirit. With the help of bookseller and fellow tenant Evelyn, Mia realizes that the cult practiced devil worship, which summoned a demon who followed the family after they moved to their apartment so as to claim a soul.   Upon returning home, Mia and Leah are attacked by the demon who reveals itself while manipulating the doll. Mia and John contact their parish priest, Father Perez, who explains that demons sometimes attach themselves to inanimate objects to achieve their goals, and that a human soul must be offered for a purpose. Unable to exorcise the demon, Father Perez decides to take the doll to seek help from the Warrens. But before he can enter the church, the demon impersonating Annabelle's spirit attacks him and grabs the doll.  Father Perez is hospitalized,  When John checks on him, the priest warns him that the demon's true intention is to claim Mia's soul. That night, while Evelyn is visiting Mia, the demon uses Father Perez's physical form to sneak into the apartment and abduct Leah for her mother's soul. To spare her daughter, Mia attempts to jump out of the window with the doll but John and Evelyn arrive in time to stop her. Evelyn decides to take her life in Mia's place instead as atonement for causing a car accident that resulted in the death of her daughter Ruby years ago. As Evelyn lies dead on the road, the demon and the doll disappear. Mia and John never see or hear of the doll again and Leah is safe inside her crib.  Six months later, the doll is bought from an antique shop by a mother as a gift for her daughter Debbie, a nursing student, and is seen stored and locked away in a glass case in the Warrens' artifact room.
Demonologists Ed and Lorraine Warren confiscate the demonic Annabelle doll from nurses Debbie and Camilla. During the drive back home, the doll summons spirits to attack Ed. Annabelle is locked in a sacred glass case in the couple's artifacts room to ensure the evil is contained.  Sometime later, the Warrens welcome Mary Ellen, who will be in charge of babysitting their daughter, Judy, while they travel overnight to investigate another case. At school, Judy notices a ghostly priest following her. Mary Ellen's friend, Daniela, arrives uninvited to the Warrens' home. She sneaks into the artifacts room and inadvertently releases the spirit of Annabelle "Bee" Mullins. Annabelle releases other spirits, such as the Ferryman, the Bride, a Feeley Meeley board game, and the Black Shuck, and the terror begins.  Mary Ellen's crush, Bob Palmeri, arrives but is attacked by the Black Shuck. Judy and Mary Ellen are confronted by other spirits. Daniela sneaks back into the house to return the artifacts room's keys. She gets locked inside and is tormented by the haunted objects. She is found in time by Judy and Mary Ellen.  Judy explains that they must lock Annabelle back in her case so the other spirits will rest. Bob protects Judy from the Black Shuck as she retrieves Mary Ellen's asthma inhaler, while Daniela is possessed by the Bride. Mary Ellen and Judy find the doll when the ghostly priest, acting as Judy's guardian, guides them to the Ferryman. They retrieve the case's key but struggle when the demon of the doll attacks them. Daniela recovers when Judy plays Ed's recorded footage of the Bride's exorcism. After the doll is put back in the case and locked, the disturbances cease.  Ed and Lorraine return the next morning. At Judy's birthday party, Daniela apologizes to Lorraine, who gives her a comforting message from her father.
A dollmaker named Samuel Mullins and his wife Esther grieve for the loss of their seven-year-old daughter Annabelle, nicknamed "Bee", who dies when she accidentally steps in front of a car.  Twelve years later, the Mullins open their home to provide shelter for Sister Charlotte and six girls left homeless by the closing of their orphanage. Despite having been warned to avoid Bee's locked bedroom, Janice, a young orphan disabled by polio, discovers a note saying "Find me" and sneaks into the room, which has mysteriously become unlocked. She finds a key for Bee's closet and opens it, where she sees an eerie porcelain doll. This unwittingly releases a powerful demon that begins to terrorize the girls.  One night, the demon, taking Bee's form, appears to Janice, saying that it wants her soul. Although she attempts to get away using a stairlift, the demon recalls the stairlift and hurls her violently down to the ground floor, leaving her severely injured and confined to a wheelchair. With Janice now confined to the first floor, her best friend Linda is now having to sleep alone and is tormented by the demon.   One morning, the demon, posing as Sister Charlotte, wheels Janice into the old barn, where, in the form of Bee, it attacks and possesses her after throwing up black bile directly into Janice's mouth. Linda notices changes in Janice's behavior and tells Samuel that Janice snuck into Bee's room and found the doll. Samuel immediately believes Linda and heads inside where he comes across Janice, who can now walk. Janice transforms into the demon and brutally kills Samuel who follows her while holding a crucifix, forcing him to drop it after moving his fingers backwards one by one. Outside, Sister Charlotte hears his screams and is horrified to find him dead on the floor.  That evening Linda takes Janice's doll and throws it into the well. A strange noise comes from the well and she is almost dragged into it, but Sister Charlotte saves her. Upon returning inside to find Janice gone from the couch, Sister Charlotte wakes the orphans who go look for her as an alarmed Sister Charlotte speaks with the disfigured Esther, who is confined to her bedroom. Esther reveals that after Bee's death, they prayed to whatever entity would grant their wish to see their daughter again. An unknown entity answered their prayer and though they briefly saw Bee's spirit, the entity convinced them to transfer its essence into one of Samuel's crafted dolls. They happily agreed but soon realized they had attracted a demon looking for a human host. One night, Esther saw Bee's spirit transforming into the demon, which then gouged out her eye and resulted in her wearing a half doll-like mask to conceal her injury and the scars. Enlisting the help of priests to bless the house, they locked the doll in Bee's closet. Esther and Samuel opened their house as a shelter for orphan children to repent for their actions, but Esther now regrets it since this has provided an opportunity for the demon to look for a human host. The demon then murders Esther and attacks Sister Charlotte. While some of the orphans are able to leave the house, Linda is trapped and hides in Bee's room as the possessed Janice tries to stab her. Sister Charlotte locks Janice and the doll inside the closet.   The next day, police arrive to search the house and find only the doll, which they remove as evidence but not before a priest blesses the home. Sister Charlotte, Linda, and the orphans are escorted away by officers to find another new home for the orphans, while Janice escapes through a hole in the closet wall and relocates to an orphanage in Santa Monica. Still possessed, she becomes reclusive and calls herself Annabelle. Pete and Sharon Higgins soon adopt Annabelle.  Twelve years later, after being involved in devil worship, a grown-up Annabelle returns home and murders her adoptive parents, awakening Mia, who warns John about Sharon Higgins's screams.
In Harlem, Manhattan, New York City, Annie Bennett lives in foster care with several other girls under the care of Colleen Hannigan, a bitter former member of C+C Music Factory who spends her days drinking, trying to snag a sweetheart, and giving various grueling chores to the orphans under her care. Annie spends Fridays waiting outside Domani's restaurant, believing her parents will come for her because a note written on a receipt from Domani's says they will return. When a city inspector checks on Miss Hannigan's treatment of the girls, Annie takes advantage of the situation; she manages to copy her social security number from his clipboard and heads off to get her information. Annie learns that there is no more information about her on her record than what she already knows.  While attempting to save a Shiba Inu from bullies, Annie is nearly run over but is saved by Will Stacks, a germaphobic cellphone mogul running for Mayor of New York City. Stacks' rescue of Annie goes viral on the Internet, boosting his popularity; per suggestion of Stacks' campaign manager Guy Danlily, Annie moves in with Stacks to boost his popularity further. Annie enjoys her new surroundings, befriending Stacks' assistant Grace Farrell. Annie also gets to adopt the stray dog from before, naming her Sandy. Bonding with Annie, Stacks reveals that he had humble beginnings in Queens; he never really knew his father due to his work hours, but believed he could understand him if he worked just as hard. Annie also helps Grace and Stacks realize that they like each other romantically.  Per Annie's request, Stacks takes her and her friends in Miss Hannigan's foster care to see the premiere of MoonQuake Lake. Stacks is uninterested in the movie at first, but soon becomes a major fan along with Grace. Per Annie and Grace's insistence, Stacks joins the premiere party. After returning her friends home, Annie shows Grace her Friday routine of waiting to see if her parents will return; Grace sympathizes, agreeing to keep this a secret from Stacks. At Miss Hannigan's, the girls accidentally wake her; Miss Hannigan snaps at them, saying rich people are selfish and will ditch anyone they do not like anymore; thus recalling her own past. Slightly hung over, she laments about her situation of foster kids and her desire to reclaim stardom.  Annie is invited to a charity event, where she speaks about how grateful she is for all the opportunities she's been presented. When Annie is asked to read a speech, she runs off and reveals that she does not know how to read (despite being 10 years old and attending school). Teaming up with Miss Hannigan, Guy plans to have impostors claim Annie as their daughter to boost Stacks' popularity to the point where he wins; Guy will then share his payment with Miss Hannigan. However, Guy doesn't care about Annie's well-being, planning to dump Annie back into the foster care system after the election and cutting Miss Hannigan out of the deal.  By the time Miss Hannigan has a change of heart, Annie has already been kidnapped by the imposters. Miss Hannigan tells Stacks about Guy's role in the scheme, and Stacks fires him. Stacks, Grace, Miss Hannigan, Lou and the girls board Stacks' helicopter; aided by the police, they chase the getaway car into the park. The kidnappers believe that Stacks paid them to kidnap Annie rather than Guy, so Annie gets upset and chastises Stacks, thinking he set up the kidnapping and rescue. To prove his innocence, Stacks announces to the press his withdrawal from the mayoral race, after which Annie helps Grace and Stacks admit their love for each other. All three dance and sing happily as they are streamed onto telly.  Annie announces the opening of the "Stacks Literacy Centre", to help children like herself, who cannot read. Everyone sings Annie's "Tomorrow" and Stacks adopts Pepper, Tessie, and Mia as well with Sandy. Humorously, Miss Hannigan attempts to continue singing after the song is done, only to receive stares that cue her to stop.
Cellular biology professor and former U.S. Army soldier Lena is under interrogation. She was part of an expedition to an anomalous zone known as the "Shimmer", but she was the only one to return. The Shimmer emerged three years prior from a meteor that landed in a lighthouse in the St. Mark's National Wildlife Refuge in Florida, and it is gradually expanding and increasing its boundaries. Many exploratory expeditions were organized, but only Lena's husband Kane returns home after a year of absence. Kane cannot explain where he was and how he came back, and his condition quickly deteriorates. Lena calls an ambulance, but she and Kane are intercepted by security forces and taken to a secret facility.  As Kane is put in intensive care, psychologist Dr. Ventress prepares a new scientific expedition into the Shimmer, and Lena joins her. Three other women participate in the expedition: Cass, a geomorphologist; Anya, a paramedic; and Josie, a physicist.  Communication equipment does not function within the Shimmer's territory, and the expedition encounters unusually mutated plants and animals. Josie is attacked by an albino alligator with several concentric rows of teeth. At an abandoned military base, the group finds a video message from Kane's expedition, in which Kane cuts open another soldier's abdomen with a knife to reveal slithering intestines. The group finds the soldier's corpse, which has turned into an overgrown colony of lichens.  At night, the base is attacked by a mutant bear that drags Cassie away, and Lena later finds her mutilated body. Within an abandoned village, Josie studies plants that have taken on a humanoid form, and theorizes that the Shimmer functions as a prism, distorting and transforming everything that falls within its boundaries—including the expedition members' own DNA. Anya, overcome with paranoia after watching her fingerprints change, disarms the other members and ties them to chairs, and accuses Lena of murdering Cassie. The mutant bear returns and lures Anya away by emitting a cry for help in Cassie's voice. The bear kills Anya, while Josie frees herself and shoots the bear.  Ventress leaves the group and heads for the lighthouse, the center of the Shimmer. Josie believes Cassie's dying mind was "refracted" into the bear, and then allows herself to "refract" into a humanoid plant to avoid a similar fate. Lena follows Ventress to the lighthouse, where she discovers Kane's remains and a videotape. In the footage, Kane leaves an instruction to find Lena before killing himself with a phosphorus grenade. After the explosion, a doppelgänger of Kane steps into frame.  Within the hole created by the meteor, Lena finds Ventress, who explains that the Shimmer will eventually swallow everything. Ventress then disintegrates into a shimmering cloud that absorbs a drop of blood from Lena's face and changes into a faceless, shimmering, humanoid being that mimics Lena's movements. Unable to escape the creature, Lena tricks it into igniting one of Kane's leftover grenades as it transforms into her doppelgänger. Lena flees the burning lighthouse and the Shimmer dissipates.  Lena visits the Kane doppelgänger, and asks if he is really Kane, which he doubts. He asks if she is Lena, but she does not answer. They embrace and their irises shimmer.
In the near future, humanity lives in a technologically advanced, dystopian society. The government requires that everyone receive an ocular implant that records everything they see. The implant provides an augmented-reality head-up display to the user with information about anyone and anything they may see, as well as recording the user's view. Investigations into crimes amount to detectives reviewing video and assessing whether an alleged perpetrator is innocent or guilty.  Sal Friedland, a detective with the metropolitan police force, crosses paths with a young woman who appears to trigger a glitch in his ocular implant, as no data about her is retrieved. When he reviews his own record of that day, he finds that every single frame of her has been mysteriously deleted. At work, Sal is handed several homicide cases where the victims' own visual records of their deaths are replaced with the killer's point of view, thus hiding the killer's identity. At another murder scene, Sal chases the apparent killer only to nearly be killed when they hack his implant and change what he sees in real time.  It is discovered that all the victims hired someone with the expertise to delete pieces of their visual records that were either humiliating or incriminating. The detectives determine that the unknown woman Sal encountered earlier has the ability to manipulate the system in this way, making her their primary suspect. Sal goes undercover, creating a false history as a stockbroker who engages in a brief affair with a prostitute. Using this as the pretext for her services, he makes contact with the woman - who uses the handle 'Anon' - and asks to have his encounter with the prostitute deleted. With his team on standby in the adjacent apartment, the initial plan to apprehend Anon fails when she successfully covers her tracks.  Sal and Anon develop a personal relationship. She discovers Sal's true identity and flees, apparently killing one of Sal’s colleagues in the process. Anon begins to harass Sal for his betrayal, tormenting him with his worst memories, deleting his memories of his dead son, and causing further hallucinations. His superiors confront him after his neighbor turns up dead with a bullet from Sal's gun in him; they reject his explanation and order him off the case.  Despite being under house arrest, Sal tracks Anon to her apartment and tells her that she is being investigated for multiple murders. She reveals that she already knows this and that she is being framed by another hacker with a similar skillset. Anon shows Sal her video record of the second sting operation, in which his colleague was killed, seeming to prove that she is innocent. After showing Sal her records, she flees again.  Believing Sal has become too personally involved, his superiors suspend him from active duty. The actual killer attempts to murder him in his apartment, revealing himself to be Cyrus, one of the technical experts from the police department. Cyrus has been obsessed with Anon for years; he killed anyone who had sex with her out of jealousy and erased every trace of her, even peoples' memories. During a physical altercation between Cyrus and Anon, Sal draws his weapon but realizes that Cyrus is seeing what he sees in real-time. To defeat this advantage, Sal fires blindly towards Cyrus, successfully killing him.  Anon leaves, later revealing to Sal that she is able to bypass the vast surveillance network by disseminating her records in microsecond slices throughout everyone else in the network, rendering her untraceable. When Sal asks her why she is so desperate to hide her identity, she tells him that her quest for anonymity is not because she has something to hide, but merely because she does not want to share herself with the world.
Rhoda Williams (Brit Marling), a brilliant 17-year-old girl who has spent her young life fascinated by astronomy, is delighted to learn that she has been accepted into MIT. She celebrates, drinking with friends, and in a reckless moment, drives home intoxicated. Listening to a story on the radio about a recently discovered Earth-like planet, she gazes out her car window at the stars and inadvertently hits a stopped car at an intersection, putting John Burroughs (William Mapother) in a coma and killing his pregnant wife and young son. After serving her four-year prison sentence, Rhoda becomes a janitor at her former high school and struggles with guilt and regret.  Hearing more news stories about the mirror Earth, Rhoda enters an essay contest sponsored by a millionaire entrepreneur who is offering a civilian space flight to the mirror Earth.  One day Rhoda sees John laying a toy at the accident site. She visits his house, intending to apologize. He answers the door and she loses her nerve. Instead, she pretends to be a maid offering a free day of cleaning as a marketing tool for a cleaning service. John, who has dropped out of his Yale music faculty position, has been letting his home and himself go, and accepts Rhoda's offer. He has no idea who she is, and when she finishes asks her to come back the next week. In time, a caring relationship develops and they have sex.  Rhoda wins the essay contest and is chosen to be one of the first to travel to the other Earth. John asks her not to go, believing they might have a future together. She finally decides to tell him the truth about who she is. He is upset and throws her out of the house.  Rhoda hears an astrophysicist talking on television, describing a "broken mirror" hypothesis which states that upon the sighting of the twin-Earth the synchronicity of events happening in both the Earths was broken. Rhoda rushes back to John's house, but he refuses to let her in. She breaks into his house, and he begins to strangle her. He stops, and when she recovers she tells him about the theory and that there might be a possibility for his family to still be alive on the other Earth. She leaves him the ticket. In time, she learns that John accepted the gift and becomes one of the first civilian space travelers to the other Earth.  Four months later, on a foggy day, Rhoda approaches her house, discovering her other self from Earth 2 standing in front of her.
A wedding at Lynn Hellman's parents estate hurls her into the center of touchy family dynamics.
In 1989, scientist Hank Pym resigns from S.H.I.E.L.D. after discovering their attempt to replicate his Ant-Man shrinking technology. Believing the technology would be dangerous if replicated, Pym vows to hide it for as long as he lives. In the present day, Pym's estranged daughter, Hope van Dyne, and former protégé, Darren Cross, have forced him out of his company, Pym Technologies. Cross is close to perfecting a shrinking suit of his own, the Yellowjacket, which horrifies Pym.  Upon his release from prison, well-meaning thief Scott Lang moves in with his old cellmate, Luis. Lang visits his daughter Cassie unannounced and is chastised by his former wife Maggie and her police-detective fiancé, Paxton, for not providing child support. Unable to hold down a job because of his criminal record, Lang agrees to join Luis' crew and commit a burglary. Lang breaks into a house and cracks its safe, but only finds what he believes to be an old motorcycle suit, which he takes home. After trying the suit on, Lang accidentally shrinks himself to the size of an insect. Terrified by the experience, he returns the suit to the house, but is arrested on the way out. Pym, the homeowner, visits Lang in jail and smuggles the suit into his cell to help him break out.  Pym, who manipulated Lang through an unknowing Luis into stealing the suit as a test, wants Lang to become the new Ant-Man to steal the Yellowjacket from Cross. Having been spying on Cross after discovering his intentions, Hope and Pym train Lang to fight and to control ants. While Hope harbors resentment towards Pym about her mother Janet's death, he reveals that Janet, known as the Wasp, disappeared into a subatomic Quantum Realm while disabling a Soviet nuclear missile in 1987. Pym warns Lang that he could suffer a similar fate if he overrides his suit's regulator. They send him to steal a device that will aid their heist from the Avengers' headquarters, where he briefly fights Sam Wilson.  Cross perfects the Yellowjacket and hosts an unveiling ceremony at Pym Technologies' headquarters. Lang, along with his crew and a swarm of flying ants, infiltrates the building during the event, sabotages the company's servers, and plants explosives. When he attempts to steal the Yellowjacket, he, along with Pym and Hope, are captured by Cross, who intends to sell both the Yellowjacket and Ant-Man suits to Hydra. Lang breaks free and he and Hope dispatch most of the Hydra agents, though one flees with a vial of Cross' particles and Pym is shot. Lang pursues Cross, while the explosives detonate, imploding the building as Pym and Hope escape.  Cross dons the Yellowjacket and attacks Lang before Lang is arrested by Paxton. Cross takes Cassie hostage to lure Lang into another fight. Lang overrides the regulator and shrinks to subatomic size to penetrate Cross' suit and sabotage it to shrink uncontrollably, seemingly killing Cross. Lang disappears into the Quantum Realm but manages to reverse the effects and returns to the macroscopic world. Out of gratitude for Lang's heroism, Paxton covers for Lang to keep him out of prison. Seeing that Lang survived and returned from the Quantum Realm, Pym wonders if his wife is alive as well. Later, Lang meets up with Luis, who tells him that Wilson is looking for him.  In a mid-credits scene, Pym shows Hope a new Wasp prototype suit and offers it to her. In a post-credits scene, Steve Rogers and Wilson have Bucky Barnes in their custody. Unable to contact Tony Stark because of "the accords", Wilson mentions that he knows someone who can help.
Two years after Scott Lang was placed under house arrest due to his involvement with the Avengers, in violation of the Sokovia Accords, Hank Pym and his daughter Hope van Dyne briefly manage to open a tunnel to the Quantum Realm. They believe Pym's wife Janet van Dyne might be trapped there after shrinking to sub-atomic levels in 1987. When he had previously visited the Quantum Realm, Lang had unknowingly become quantumly entangled with Janet, and now he receives an apparent message from her.  With only days left of house arrest, Lang contacts Pym about Janet, despite the strained relationship they have because of Lang's actions with the Avengers. Hope and Pym kidnap Lang, leaving a large ant with Lang's ankle-monitor on as a decoy so as not to arouse the suspicions of FBI agent Jimmy Woo. Believing the message from Janet is confirmation that she is alive, the trio work to build a stable quantum tunnel so they can take a vehicle to the Quantum Realm and retrieve her. They arrange to buy a part needed for the tunnel from black-market dealer Sonny Burch, but Burch realizes the potential profit to be made from Pym's research and double-crosses them. Donning the Wasp outfit, Hope fights off Burch and his men until she is attacked by a quantumly unstable masked woman. Lang tries to help fight off this "ghost", but the woman escapes with Pym's lab, which has been shrunk down to the size of a suitcase.  Pym reluctantly takes Hope and Lang to visit his estranged former partner Bill Foster, who gives them a way to locate the lab. After they find it, the ghost captures the trio and reveals herself to be Ava Starr. Her father, Elihas, was another of Pym's former partners who died along with his wife during an experiment that caused her unstable state. Foster enters and reveals that Ava is dying and in constant pain as a result of her condition. They plan to cure her using Janet's quantum energy. Believing that this will kill Janet, Pym refuses to help them and escapes with Hope, Lang, and the lab.  Opening a stable version of the tunnel, Pym, Hope, and Lang are able to contact Janet, who gives them a precise location to find her but warns that they only have two hours before the unstable nature of the Quantum Realm separates them for a century. Using a truth serum, Burch learns the trio's location from Lang's business partners Luis, Dave, and Kurt, and informs a contact at the FBI. Luis warns Lang, who rushes home before Woo can see that he is violating his house arrest. Pym and Hope are arrested by the FBI, allowing Ava to take the lab.  Lang is soon able to help Pym and Hope escape custody, and they find the lab. Lang and Hope distract Ava while Pym enters the Quantum Realm to retrieve Janet, whom he finds alive. Meanwhile, Lang and Hope are confronted by Burch and his men, and following a lengthy chase across San Francisco, Ava regains control of the lab, allowing her to begin taking Janet's energy by force. Luis, Dave, and Kurt incapacitate Burch and his men so that Lang and Hope can stop Ava. Pym and Janet return safely from the Quantum Realm, and Janet voluntarily gives some of her energy to Ava to temporarily stabilize her. Lang returns home once again, in time for a now-suspicious Woo to release him at the end of his house arrest. Ava and Foster go into hiding while Burch and his men are arrested and confess thanks to being injected with Burch's truth serum.  In a mid-credits scene, Pym, Hope, and Janet send Lang into the Quantum Realm to harvest quantum energy in a plan to help Ava remain stable. Before they can retrieve Lang, the other three turn to dust.
Lou (Natasha Lyonne) is a hard-partying stoner who lives in a run-down trailer outside a rural Michigan town where women have recently been going missing. She awakens one morning after a party at an abandoned warehouse and finds herself experiencing bizarre symptoms akin to those experienced during pregnancy. Her friend, Sadie (Chloë Sevigny) believes she is pregnant and not telling her about it, despite Lou's claims that she hasn't had sex with anyone in nearly a year. Lou also believes that it is impossible for her to get pregnant after an upsetting incident six months earlier when she miscarried in a club while on the toilet. After getting a ride from her friend Luke (Emmanuel Kabongo) to her cleaning job at a motel, she encounters an eccentric stranger, Lorna (Meg Tilly), who is staying in one of the hotel rooms.  Meanwhile, Gabriel (Mark Webber), Sadie's drug dealer and boyfriend, is keeping a woman hidden in his apartment who has had a grotesque physical reaction to a new and strange drug Gabriel and his friend Warren have been selling to locals. It is revealed that Sadie, who had a child many years ago, is working to try to reunite with her estranged offspring, though Gabriel is doubtful it will ever happen. In addition to running drugs (including unstable, experimental drugs, some of which turned an underling's skin inside out upon sampling it), Gabriel works as a pimp; during an encounter between a sex worker and a client, a strange man, apparently familiar to Gabriel and later revealed to be Isaac, watches the intercourse take place, noting his interest in the encounter.  One afternoon, Lou loses consciousness and has bizarre hallucinations in which figures from Funzone, a local family entertainment center give her a vaginal exam. She awakens to find her stomach protruding, and a blister formed on her foot, which leaks a clear fluid after she cuts it open with a knife. When Lou regains consciousness, Lorna arrives at her trailer unannounced, and asks her if she's experienced a series of odd symptoms and mental fogginess; she claims to be clairvoyant, and  noticed that Lou seemed troubled when she had met her at the motel. The two have lunch at the Funzone, and Lorna confesses that she was abducted by an unknown entity while enrolled in the military, an event which led to her being discharged when she questioned her authorities. Lou confronts Warren, who works at the Funzone, about the night before she began experiencing her symptoms; he admits that Gabriel has been "trading" women, mostly runaways, to a mysterious man named Isaac in exchange for drugs to sell.  At her trailer, Lorna shows Lou a scar on her forearm, where she claims an implant was inserted and then forcibly removed while she was in the military. Sadie arrives the next day, and suggests Lou see a doctor, but Lou insists she is not experiencing a pregnancy. Lou, Sadie, and Lorna go to visit the abandoned warehouse where the party had occurred the night before her symptoms began. There, she has a flashback of being injected with a drug by Gabriel at the party. Sadie then confesses that Gabriel had used Lou as a test subject for the new drug—an experimental hormone for women—that he has been selling.  Back at Lou's trailer, Lorna attempts to give Lou a cesarian section to remove the growth in her stomach.  Instead, Lou gives birth to a grotesque, animated disembodied head. Just after the birth, Gabriel and Isaac arrive at the trailer along with another SWAT member who shoots Lorna. Isaac reveals that the military is investigating a way to create a new race that can survive the toxic atmosphere of space (which he has been to several times) and that her lifestyle of hard-drinking and drug use, as well as his secretly pumping toxins into her home, provided an ample womb for their experiment. He tells Lou that she can help him build a new, superior race, but she refuses to continue. As he explains this, arms begin to emerge from her vagina, followed by the whole of her cytoskeleton, leaving her flesh an empty shell. The headless creature attacks and kills both Gabriel and Isaac. A SWAT member enters the trailer after hearing a commotion, and sees the trailer covered in blood, as the full-bodied creature stands in the kitchen, holding its head in its hands.
The story follows Kenneth (Adam Deacon) who likes to call himself "K". He has an ambition of becoming a grime MC, and has already created his debut mixtape, Feel The Pain. However, nobody has bought a single copy and Kenneth works, for now, at local supermarket Laimsbury's to help pay his family's rent. When his boss insults him at work for trying to be a rapper, he quits and his mother berates him for failing to pay the house rent and his family is soon threatened by bailiffs.  Kenneth cannot take seeing his mother hassled by the bailiffs, so he begins to sell illegal drugs with his friends Bookie (Femi Oyeniran), Enrique (Ollie Barbieri), Lesoi (Michael Vu), and TJ (Jazzie Zonzolo). When local badman Tyrone (Richie Campbell) investigates Kenneth, he steals Kenneth's and his friends' accessories. His friends leave him and his family do not support him, so Kenneth slyly breaks into Tyrone's house to steal back his stuff.  While Tyrone cheats on his baby's mother in the other room, Kenneth manages to steal everyone's stuff back, but Tyrone finds out and comes after him. Tyrone attacks him, and his friends try to help him, but Tyrone manages to scare them away, making it a one-on-one fight. Kenneth shockingly fights back and takes Tyrone down.  After the humiliation, Tyrone's boss arrives and witnesses Tyrone hitting kids, therefore sacks him and insults him in front of the entire hood. But to make matters worse, Tyrone's baby's mother's brother appears on the scene to punish him further for cheating on his sister, and Tyrone flees in humiliation.  Kenneth gets his job back at Laimsbury's and helps pay his family's rent.
Rudy Donatello is a struggling musician and drag performer in a gay nightclub "Fabios" in 1979 West Hollywood, where he meets Paul Fleiger, a closeted district attorney. Returning home to his apartment, Rudy sees that his junkie neighbor Marianna has left her son Marco, a thirteen year-old who has down syndrome, home alone. The next morning, following a dispute with landlord Mr. Blum, Rudy discovers Marianna has not returned. He takes Marco to Paul's workplace for advice on what to do, however Paul becomes anxious over their sudden appearance, abruptly telling him to contact Family Services and not to appear there again. Fearing that Marco will be mistreated if placed into foster care, a frustrated Rudy accuses him of neglecting them based on fears that his colleagues now suspect that he is a homosexual. As they return home, brute family services officer Miss Martinez awaits and remorselessly moves Marco into a foster home. He however struggles to settle in and escapes during the night.   Paul re-visits Fabios and makes amends with Rudy. On their way home, they see Marco wandering the streets in search of his home and subsequently decide to house him for the night. The following morning, Marco and Rudy bond before Blum appears at the door harassing him for rent. Fearing he will report Marco's presence to family services, Rudy enlists Paul to help him gain custody. The two visit Marianna in prison and promise her they will take good care of him if she allows, although Paul annoys Rudy as he tells her that they are just friends. Though Marianna guesses that they are in a relationship, she signs temporary guardianship papers. When having the court approve the papers, Paul states to Judge Meyerson that he and Rudy are cousins. Though suspicious of his claim, she awards them temporary custody of Marco. Upon the three moving in together, Marco is elated with his new "home." Upon a medical checkup, Paul and Rudy are advised that Marco has not been well cared for and his disability may see them undertake parenting for the rest of his life. Undeterred, over one year they improve his overall health and diet, enlist him into special education, and subsequently see his social and intellectual skills flourish. Having celebrated Halloween, Christmas and Marco's fourteenth birthday together, he now lovingly refers to them as his "two daddies." Paul is also promoted at the District Attorney's office, whilst he and Marco support Rudy with his desire to become a professional singer.  Wishing to know more about Paul following his promotion, District Attorney Wilson invites the trio to a party at his home. Rudy however becomes angered when Paul continues to refer to him as his "cousin" who "has a child." Paul's secretary Monica notices Wilson's suspicion of Paul and Rudy's intimacy, and pretends to flirt with him whilst Rudy suspects Paul has no intention of revealing to anyone that he is his lover. Paul privately confesses to Rudy that he suspects Wilson is homophobic and will terminate their custody of Marco if he suspects they are a couple. Wilson sees them arguing and fires Monica and Paul the following day, whilst also reporting the inaccuracies on their custody forms to the court. Family services abruptly remove Marco from their care as an overwrought Rudy is arrested for physically attempting to stop them. An enraged Paul negotiates Rudy's bail and convinces him to quit working as a drag performer in the hope of the court over-turning the decision and him continuing to practice law. The duo are condemned by Judge Meyerson for hiding the true nature of their relationship at the time of signing custodial papers, however allows them to apply for sole custody pending an investigation into their time with Marco and his proposed living environment.   The district attorney's office launch several shameless accusations of paedophilia and dispute same-sex adoption, despite Marco informing the court's representative Miss Mills that he was treated well and of his sole desire to live with them. Paul and Rudy insist Marco has shown them both the real joy of what it means to be a parent and will raise him to be a good man. After having their home positively evaluated, it appears they are set to receive custody, leading Rudy to contact Marco and tell him he will be "home" shortly. A delighted Marco prepares to leave and anxiously waits for them, however Judge Meyerson decides against returning him to their care, stating that the duo kissing in front of him and having Marco visit Fabios, despite only attending when closed and Rudy never dress-rehearsing in front of him, as inappropriate. A distraught Marco is soon moved into a state run foster center for children who have disabilities. Refusing to give up on their fight for custody, Paul seeks the help of lawyer Lonnie Washington to help over-turn the decision. A new judge, Richard Resnick, agrees to review the case and approves them to visit Marco only once before the hearing. Paul and Rudy are saddened to see that he has lost weight, not communicating as well as he used to and is possibly suffering from depression. Following Washington's adamant belief that he has developed a strong case detailing that Fisher's ruling was not in the best interests of the child, merely homophobic and potentially unlawful, Paul and Rudy are confident that they will be awarded full custody of Marco. The case is however immediately dismissed following Marianna, now out of prison, appearing in person to apply for reunification with Marco under legal guidance from the district attorney's office. Despite Rudy emphatically alleging that she has been persuaded or bribed by Wilson to take Marco back, has not contacted Marco for over a year, disputes how long she has been out for and citing her clear uncertainty, she receives custody. Washington tells a mellowed Paul and Rudy that gaining custodial rights from Marianna is now all but impossible and advises them to wait until Marco is older and free from his mother's control before they can hope he will come and find them.   Marco is valeted to what he is told is his "home." Upon arriving at his mother's new apartment, he is repeatedly ignored as he tells the valets "this is not my home." Marianna uses drugs and has sex directly in front of Marco, whilst her boyfriend verbally abuses him. She tells him to wait outside the apartment until she calls him back in. Unhappy with his new living environment, Marco begins to wander the streets in search of Paul and Rudy. Some time later, Paul writes several letters to the judges and district attorney's office attaching a small newspaper article to each, informing that Marco died under a bridge after three days of wandering, failing to find his way "home." Both devastated by his death, Paul watches Rudy sing "I Shall Be Released" in tribute to Marco.
Early Landry is a Mississippi widower reeling from the recent death of his wife. After a suicide attempt, he relocates to Los Angeles to be closer to his overprotective but well-intentioned sister, Laurette, and her family. He soon moves into an apartment of his own. In time, he is both equally intimidated and charmed by his Hollywood neighbors, especially Freda Von Rhenburg, a transgender sex worker. Before long, Early and Freda bond over their shared loneliness and past traumas, sparking a friendship and, eventually, a tentative romance.
Nathan is devastated to hear that his mother, Army lieutenant Margaret Peters, is missing after a rescue mission in Japan. Back in Detroit, this news came as a shock to him, and he struggles to come to terms with it. To make matters worse, he discovers his father, George, isn't his biological father. Because of this and his mother's long absence, Child Care Services comes knocking at their door. Afraid of being taken away, Nathan flees before his father can explain. As George goes looking for him, Nathan takes to the streets of Detroit, where he encounters Captain Miles, a homeless Iraq War veteran. At first, it's unclear what Captain Miles' intention is with Nathan, but the veteran ultimately tricks him into seeking shelter at the home of Evelyn Strasser. Evelyn, a philanthropist, finds out that her daughter Jesse has been hiding Nathan in the basement. Evelyn eventually reunites Nathan with George, but not before discovering that Nathan is a musical prodigy. Unfortunately, their reunion is short-lived, as Child Care Services informs the state to take custody of Nathan and send him to an orphanage. The orphanage, however, is not without its own problems, and is soon to be closed soon due to a lack of funds. When the other children in the orphanage learn of this, they decide to fundraise by hosting a concert. They promote the concert with Nathan as a newly discovered musical prodigy via flyers that promise a sterling performance. At the concert, Nathan delivers a successful performance and helps raise enough funds to keep the orphanage afloat. Afterwards, Nathan's mother turns out to still be alive, and is happily reunited with her family.
Following a family dispute, Janet Slate moves out of the home she shares with her older sister, Lara and their single mother, Maddie. She moves into apartment 1303 on the thirteenth floor of a downtown Detroit apartment building. A 9-year-old neighbor, Emily, explains to Janet that a previous occupant of her new apartment killed herself. Strange things begin to occur in the apartment and when Janet appears bruised at work, she rebuffs her coworkers’ concerns that her boyfriend, Mark Taylor, is abusing her and blames the marks on sleepwalking.  Janet is shaken by the strange events that are happening preferring to stay late at the office rather than return to apartment 1303. She calls her sister, Lara, to ask if she can return home but Lara informs her this would be a bad idea as their mother is having another "drunk psycho rant". Janet suggests going to a hotel but this is quickly dismissed as Lara is not able to pay for it. Janet then calls Mark who is back in town, who agrees to check in on her. Later that night, Janet is awoken by strange supernatural elements in the apartment but unfortunately Mark is no longer around. An invisible ghost possesses Janet leading to her own depression and suicide. Her sister, Lara, later arrives to gather the possessed Janet's belongings and begins to experience the same terrors.  A detective that was on the case talks to Lara, who believes Janet was murdered. The detective agrees since he's been investigating mysterious suicides with other tenants. Lara discovers the name of the first tenant from 20 years back, Jennifer Logan. The detective tells Lara the sad story of what happened to Jennifer. At the age of 12, she moved into apartment 1303 with her mother, Mary, a respectable school teacher and recently divorced. For the first few years in the apartment, they lived in peace and Mary was a loving mother to Jennifer.  However, the peace was shattered when Mary lost her job as a teacher during a dispute with a parent in a parent-teacher conference. She found work as a prostitute to pay for the apartment, became an alcoholic and brutally abused Jennifer. This leads to Jennifer murdering Mary and burying her in a built in closet. Soon neighbors complained about the smell of the apartment, causing the police and the health department to investigate. By the time they got to the apartment to confront Jennifer, she had already committed suicide by jumping out the window and the police found the decomposed body of Mary. In the years that followed, more tenants were thought to have committed suicide with Janet being the most recent one.  While taking a bath, Lara gets a cryptic warning from Janet to leave the apartment and never come back. However, another dispute with Maddie has Lara moving into the same apartment and ignoring Janet's warning. Jennifer soon arrives and kills Mark by throwing him out the window. Horrified, Lara tries to escape the apartment complex to avoid Jennifer trying to kill her and stay away from the complex for good. However, she catches Emily and the landlord, O'Neill in front of her. He finally reveals the truth to Lara about his daughter, Emily's fate. A year after apartment 1303 was cleaned, they moved in and became Jennifer's first victims.  Lara learns that O'Neill, Emily along with Janet and the previous victims had been trying to warn others to never move into apartment 1303 to no avail. When Jennifer starts to close in on her, Lara grabs a knife to try to defend herself. As Maddie tries to talk some sense to Lara, Jennifer pushes her towards the knife and kills her. Just before she can finish the job to kill Lara, the police arrive and Jennifer disappears. Lara is arrested for both Maddie and Mark's murder and is taken away to be booked. As the sun rises, Jennifer is last seen sitting on the same spot where she committed suicide: an unseen warning of what happens when anyone moves into apartment 1303.
Olivia and Nicole share an apartment in New York City, where they pay an illegal sublease to a landlord with whom they have under-the-table arrangement. When Olivia's cat dies, she and Nicole travel to Hollywood to visit her aunt, Kimberly, who works as a judge at American Idol competitor, That Special Something.
The film starts with a faux preview for The Magnificent Five Plus One, which promotes the Space Station crew as the stars. Richard Garriott is billed as 'The Gunfight Participant' – a satirical nod to his official status as a 'Spaceflight Participant.'  A series of motion graphics under the credits leads us to a Soyuz spacecraft departing the International Space Station, bearing Garriott, Volkov, and Kononenko back to Earth. Fincke and Chamitoff wave goodbye but express their relief at Garriott's leaving as he was annoying them with his constant talk of computer games. Lonchakov insists that they all go back to work.  One week later, Chamitoff and Fincke are both missing Garriott. Chamitoff can no longer juggle without Garriott, and Fincke knows Garriott was good at settling arguments about which of them was standing upside down. At this point Lonchakov points out that the oxygen use aboard the station is too high. The crew theorizes that interstellar aliens have invaded the station. A search of ridiculous locations on the station ensues, during which the surprising nature of the alien is discovered.  The completed film is just over eight minutes in length. It includes numerous references to classic science-fiction movies, including The Day the Earth Stood Still, Forbidden Planet, and Galaxy Quest.
In December 1974 (two years after the Apollo 17 mission), the crew of the cancelled Apollo 18 mission is informed that it will now proceed as a top secret Department of Defense (DoD) mission to deliver a classified payload. Commander Nathan Walker, Lieutenant Colonel John Grey, and Captain Ben Anderson are launched, at night, toward the Moon to place an early warning detector for ICBM attacks from the USSR.  Grey remains in orbit aboard the Apollo command module Freedom while Walker and Anderson land on the South Pole of the Moon in the Apollo Lunar Module Liberty, on December 25. While planting the ICBM detector, the two take rock samples which Anderson describes as feeling "strange". In the background, the camera captures a rock moving in a nearby crater. After returning to Liberty, they hear noises outside and the motion sensor camera captures a small rock moving nearby. Houston claims the noises are interference from the ICBM detector. The next day, Anderson finds a rock sample on the floor of Liberty despite having secured the samples. During their ICBM detector set-up, Anderson discovers footprints that lead them to a bloodstained and abandoned (but still functional) Soviet LK lander. Anderson explores a nearby crater, describing the ground as "feeling softer". Inside the crater, he finds a dead cosmonaut as well as a broken space helmet. Walker queries Houston about the Soviet presence, but he is told only to continue with the mission. While they are sleeping, Walker is awakened by strange noises and something bumping into the lander.  The following day, they find that the flag they had planted is missing. Having completed their mission, the duo prepares to leave, but the launch is aborted when Liberty suffers violent shaking. An inspection reveals extensive damage to the module. Walker finds their shredded flag nearby; the motion sensor camera is also missing, and the rover tipped on its side. He then finds non-human tracks outside Liberty, and cites them as evidence of extraterrestrial life. Walker feels something moving inside his spacesuit and is horrified as a spider-like creature crawls across the inside of his helmet; he disappears from view and Anderson finds him unconscious outside of Liberty. Walker later denies the events. A wound is discovered on his chest, and Anderson removes a Moon rock embedded within him. After having removed the rock, Walker smashes it with a hammer, contaminating the ship. They find themselves unable to contact Houston or Grey due to increased levels of interference from an unknown source.  Anderson speculates that the true purpose of the "ICBM warning device" is to monitor the aliens, and that it is the source of the interference. Anderson and Walker attempt to switch the device off, only to discover it has been destroyed, with the same non-human tracks surrounding it. Walker shows signs of a developing infection, such as vein discoloration (possibly caused by necrosis) and blood-shot eyes, and he becomes contentious and paranoid. The mission cameras capture a rock sample moving around in the interior of Liberty, revealing that the aliens are camouflaged as Moon rocks. Increasingly delusional, Walker attempts to destroy the cameras within Liberty with a hammer, but he accidentally damages other controls, causing Liberty to depressurize. Realizing the Soviet LK lander is their only source of oxygen, the pair travels to the LK lander in their Lunar rover. Walker becomes agitated, believing he should not leave the Moon because of the risk of spreading the infection to Earth and causes the rover to crash. As the rover crashes, the camera catches glimpses of the large space rocks, which begin to grow legs similar to that of spiders.  Anderson awakens and tracks Walker to a crater. Walker is pulled into the crater by the creatures. Anderson gives chase, but he is confronted by the aliens and flees to the Soviet LK and uses its radio to contact USSR Mission Control who connect him to the Department of Defense. The Deputy Secretary informs Anderson that they cannot allow him to return to Earth, admitting they are aware of the situation and incorrectly believe he is also infected. Anderson manages to contact Grey and they make arrangements for Anderson to return to Freedom. Anderson prepares the lander for launch, but Walker arrives, revealing that he survived the alien encounter and demanding to be let in. However, he is now completely psychotic and when Anderson refuses to let him in, he tries to break the lander's window with a hammer. Before Walker can enter the vehicle, he is swarmed with rock aliens which break his helmet open and kill him; his body is dragged away by a much larger alien rock.  Anderson launches, but the DoD tells Grey that Anderson is infected and orders him to abort the rescue or ground communication (without which the CSM will be unable to return to Earth) will be cut off. The lander's engines shut off as it enters orbit; while it is in free fall, small rocks within the craft float in the air, some of which reveal themselves to be rock aliens. Anderson is attacked and infected by the rock aliens, preventing him from controlling the vehicle. Grey warns Anderson that he is approaching too fast, and the footage ends abruptly, implying that the LK and Freedom collided.  The film concludes with a statement giving the "official" fate of the astronauts, describing them as having been killed in various jet accidents that left their bodies unrecoverable. An epilogue notes that many of the hundreds of rock samples returned from the previous Apollo missions, given to dignitaries, are now missing.
In 1905, Thomas Richardson travels to a remote Welsh island to rescue his sister, Jennifer, who has been kidnapped and held for ransom by a mysterious cult. Posing as a convert, Thomas encounters the leader, Malcolm Howe, who founded the cult with two other convicts, Frank and Quinn. They claim that the barren island was rendered fertile through blood sacrifice. Thomas discovers Frank's son Jeremy and Quinn's daughter Ffion sneaking home after a tryst. He forces Jeremy to admit that Jennifer was kidnapped for ransom, as the cult does not have the resources to pay for the continuous animal sacrifices needed to maintain the island's fertility.  One of the newcomers attempts to assassinate Malcolm, but Thomas intervenes and is wounded. The same night, Malcolm parades Jennifer through the village, claiming she will be killed if her co-conspirator does not come forward. Thomas flees from an old woman who chases him, and escapes to a beach cave covered in markings, depicting a deity. Malcolm visits a barn where the old woman, who is in fact the island's deity, is imprisoned in tree roots; he reprimands her for appearing to Thomas before feeding her his blood, causing the vegetation imprisoning her to bloom. Thomas tells Malcolm's daughter Andrea that he was a Christian missionary who was persecuted in Peking during the Boxer Rebellion for introducing Christianity to China, and lost his faith after his god failed to intervene. She takes him to a shack in a wheat field to hide.  Ffion reveals to Jeremy that she is pregnant, and the pair make plans to elope. Infuriated, Quinn mutilates Ffion in a forced abortion. Jeremy stabs Quinn, who frames Jeremy for Ffion's murder, and uses a "purification" ritual to publicly murder him by hollowing out the back of his head. Quinn calls Malcolm a false prophet and demands that he prove himself by executing Thomas. Frank, enraged by the death of his son, attacks Quinn, enabling Thomas to escape.  Frank and Thomas flee and arrive at the barn where The Goddess is being held. Frank enters, intent on killing The Goddess, but is killed by a masked figure, The Grinder, whom Thomas witnesses force-feeding Jeremy’s body to The Goddess. Sneaking past, he finds Jennifer alive but strung up in a sack. As he releases her, he is knocked unconscious by the Grinder. He finds himself tethered to a meat-grinding table by hooks embedded into his hands and legs. He escapes and kills The Grinder.  Quinn reveals to a captive Jennifer and Andrea that he imprisoned The Goddess after he and Malcolm realized her powers and that he plans to repeatedly impregnate them and use their offspring as blood sacrifices. The Goddess shows Thomas her history with the cult, and begs him to set her free; he grants her wish by unexpectedly immolating her. The village also catches fire while villagers flee to boats. Thomas, Andrea, and Jennifer overpower and kill Quinn, with Thomas sustaining heavy stab wounds. He escorts Jennifer and Andrea to the boats before he collapses, bidding Jennifer and Andrea farewell as they escape. His faith now restored, Thomas is discovered by an injured Malcolm. As he bleeds onto the ground, the vegetation around him grows and infuse within his body.  His eyes then turn the same shape and color as the goddess's, signifying his rebirth as the new guardian of the island.
The film portrays Saint Peter (Alosio as the younger and Loggia as the elder) reflecting on his time with Jesus (Marchiano) and his fellow Apostles during his final imprisonment in Rome at the Mamertine Prison. In particular, Peter attempts to convert one of his jailers, Martinian (Fuller), by relating the life, teachings, and sacrifice of Jesus.
A ghost hunting crew from Los Angeles, California is told by their boss, Ms. Simon, that if they are not able to better their ratings, their show, Ghost Sightings will be cancelled.  The crew is visited by a man named Mr. Gaffney, who tells the leader of the crew, Joel, that he knows of property back home where he fears evil spirits haunt the halls and attack humans. Mr. Gaffney asks them to get rid of the ghosts, though Joel tries to explain to him that they only investigate them and getting rid of ghosts is much more difficult.  The crew travels to the area and they stop at a restaurant before heading to the haunted location, which is revealed to be an abandoned prison.  Once at the prison, they are given a tour by Clive, a former worker. He also warns the crew to leave and not to proceed with their investigation. Clive tells them the story of a prisoner escaping from his cell and murdering another inmate by snapping his neck before biting off flesh.  Clive then takes the crew down to the infirmary where he tells the story of a doctor who paralyzed his inmate patients and then performed illegal experiments on them in hopes to fix their psyche. He explains that the legend says the doctor was eventually sent to prison himself and was killed by the inmates.  The crew then begins their overnight investigation of the prison. When investigating the cell block, Roger is attacked by the ghost of a former prisoner. The ghost possesses Roger's body and creates large gashes and bruises on the side of his head. Berger and Joel rush Roger back to the video control room with Kate and decide to leave the prison, but discover that they are chain-locked in. They bandage up Roger, but realize that they don't have enough medical supplies, so they decide to go to the infirmary, where Berger is also attacked by ghosts and taken away.  Joel goes back to Kate and they decide it's best to go look for Berger, then come back for Roger. Kate is attacked by ghosts while searching for Berger in the cell block, but escapes by using a new device Roger purchased that disrupts ghost energy. The ghost possesses Roger's body, cornering Kate and Joel on the third floor of the prison. The ghosts want the crew to bring them the doctor who tortured them. Joel and Kate try to tell the ghost that the doctor had been killed, but the ghost ignores them. Roger fights internally with the ghost and is able to speak with Joel and Kate, telling them that he can't have them hurt on his watch and ultimately hangs himself.  After mourning the loss of Roger, Joel and Kate begin their search for Berger again, finding him near the entryway. He tells Joel and Kate that he may have found a second way out. They follow Berger to an area of the grounds outside the prison, though still fenced in. Kate is able to find a signal on her cell phone out there and calls the police.  The next morning, the crew is let out of the prison and confronts Clive for locking them inside, but he insists it was not him. After the paramedics and police leave the area, the crew calls in Mr. Gaffney and asks him to come inside the prison to see if he notices any difference in the energy. He walks inside and explains that it felt different from the time he worked there.  It is revealed that Mr. Gaffney was in the fact the doctor who tortured and sexually molested the inmates. He then begins to get angry at Joel and Kate when they explain that they did not get rid of the ghosts. After the confrontation, Joel and Kate trick Mr. Gaffney, locking him inside the prison, where the ghosts are seen dragging him away from the doors. Joel, Kate, and Berger drive back to Los Angeles and vow to end the Ghost Sightings series.
Captain William Stanaforth (Strong) is on a one-way solo mission to Mars, taking humanity’s first steps towards colonizing it. Although the entire world is watching him, he is completely alone on the space ship. After liftoff and the subsequent rocket separations, Stanaforth takes his suit off to relax and is set on course to Mars for 270 days by the team on the ground.  Through flashbacks we see how Stanaforth had come up with the idea to create water () by supercompressing sand/dirt and combining the separate hydrogen and oxygen byproducts.  It is by this synthesis that the mission is made possible.  Stanaforth's water generation apparatus malfunctions during his mission to Mars.  Rather than return to Earth as protocol requires, he takes manual control of his spacecraft and continues to Mars.  His spacecraft becomes entangled with a nebula and through voiceover we hear Stanaforth ruminate on the nature of matter and space. Stanaforth says,  "This is why I came here.  To give everything up.  For one moment of pure wonder."  Stanaforth is then seen in his spacesuit, exiting the spacecraft.  Without explanation, the scene cuts to Stanaforth, clean-shaven in his spacecraft, preparing to land on Mars. Stanaforth lands on, then walks, on Mars. As he walks, we hear Stanaforth say, "Nothing has ever lived here. Nothing has even died here. Maybe I'll live forever."
In 1985 Maine, lighthouse keeper Thomas Curry rescues Atlanna, queen of the underwater kingdom of Atlantis, during a storm. They fall in love and have a son named Arthur, who has the power to communicate with sea creatures. When Atlantean soldiers sent by King Orvax (the ruler of Atlantis) arrive for Atlanna, who fled her arranged marriage, she is forced to leave her family to protect them from her people. She promises to return when it's safe and goes back to Atlantis, entrusting her advisor, Nuidis Vulko, to train Arthur. Becoming a skilled warrior, Arthur rejects Atlantis upon learning that Atlanna was executed by Orvax for loving a human and for Arthur's illegitimate birth.  In the present, Arthur has become known as the metahuman dubbed as the "Aquaman" by the public. One year after Steppenwolf's defeat, Arthur confronts pirates hijacking a Russian Akula-class submarine. Their leader, Jesse Kane, is killed, leading his son David Kane to vow revenge against Arthur, after Arthur refused his request to help save Jesse in retaliation for murdering innocent people. King Orm Marius, Orvax's son (now Atlantis's new ruler) and Arthur's younger half-brother, convinces King Nereus of Xebel to help unite Atlantis and destroy the surface world for polluting the oceans. If Orm unites all four kingdoms, he will receive the title of Ocean Master, commander of the most powerful force on Earth. They are ambushed by a submarine, causing Orm to feel obligated to send a tsunami.  Nereus' daughter Mera, betrothed to Orm, refuses to aid them and requests Arthur's help, and Arthur accompanies her to Atlantis after Orm's tsunami nearly kills his father. Vulko urges him to find the Trident of Atlan, a powerful artifact of Atlantis' first ruler, to reclaim his rightful place as king. They are ambushed by Orm's men, and Arthur is captured. Orm blames him for Atlanna's death and nearly kills him in a duel before Mera rescues him. Arthur and Mera journey to the fallen Kingdom of the Deserters hidden under the Sahara, where the trident was forged, and unlock a holographic message that leads them to Sicily, Italy, where they retrieve the trident's coordinates.  Orm gives Kane an Atlantean battle suit to kill Arthur, imprisons Vulko, and coerces the Kingdom of the Fishermen to pledge their allegiance to him by killing their king. It is revealed that Orm hired David and his father to hijack the Russian submarine to win Nereus's support. An armored Kane rechristens himself Black Manta and battles Arthur, but Arthur defeats him. Arthur and Mera fend off amphibious monsters of the Trench, and a wormhole transports them to an uncharted sea at the center of the Earth. They are reunited with Atlanna, who managed to survive and escape into the uncharted sea, but unable to find her way back.  Arthur faces the Karathen, a mythical sea monster and keeper of the trident, and reclaims the trident, which grants him control over the seven seas. Orm leads his army against the Kingdom of the Brine to declare himself Ocean Master, while Arthur leads an army of marine creatures against him. Orm's followers embrace Arthur as the true king upon learning that he wields Atlan's trident. Arthur spares Orm's life after beating him in a duel, and Orm accepts his imprisonment after discovering that Arthur rescued their mother. Atlanna reunites with Thomas, while Arthur ascends to the throne.  In a mid-credits scene, Manta is rescued by Dr. Stephen Shin, a marine scientist and conspiracy theorist obsessed with Atlantis, and agrees to lead Shin there in exchange for help in his revenge on Arthur.
Pedro returns home to the village of Copanatoyac, the "(Aquí) or Here" of the title, in the Sierra mountains of Guerrero, Mexico. After a few years working in New York to support his family back home, he now finds his daughters on the verge of adolescence, and is unsure of what to expect.  The younger of the two, Heidi, quickly becomes eager to reconnect, while his older daughter, Lorena, is more distant than he imagined.  His wife, Teresa, still has the same smile.  Although, she senses he may have had a woman in the US, and is guarded in their intimate moments.  Having saved his earnings from two long periods of work in the US, Pedro hopes to now finally make a better life at home with his family, without having to leave them again.  He even finally plans to pursue his own version of the American Dream on the side by starting a band: the Copa Kings.  Only the purity of music seems able to diffuse Lorena's moody resentment toward her father's years of absence.  The villagers think this year's crop will be bountiful. There is also good work in the growing city of Tlapa an hour away. But the locals are wise to a life of insecurity, and their thoughts are often of family members or opportunities far away, north of the border. While working in the cornfields, Pedro meets and begins to mentor a teenager, Leo, who dreams of the US.  Leo's love of breakdancing helps him to win over Karla, a studious girl he meets but a folk dancer herself.  Their budding first love recalls Pedro's and Teresa's of a generation before.  For Pedro, whether consoling the grieving mother of a friend who died inexplicably "over there", or meeting a new nephew being raised by extended family members because his parents have emigrated to the US—that place, the "(Allá) or There" of the title, somehow always feels very present, practically knocking at the door.  Teresa soon becomes pregnant with a third child, but complications force Pedro to deal with the ensuing medical issues and their expense.  He also begins to have moments of triumph playing local concerts and dances with the Copa Kings—as Pedro sings in his song "Quiero Brindar", "I wanna drink to all I've got and to all I've accomplished."  Although earning a living as a band leader and musician proves difficult.  For the locals, work in the fields depends on a good harvest, and construction work seems determined by inexplicable economic forces outside of their control.  Pedro may, once again, be forced to confront the paradox that, "in order to feed their love ones, emigrants have to leave them behind."
Earthquakes begin occurring in New Orleans as the result of a fracking operation. Bus driver Charlie is called in as a replacement for another driver who is out sick and has to drive a group of baseball players . In the meantime, his wife Katelynn and children Justin and Annabel go on a bus tour around the city. On the bus, they meet the driver Paul, whose family, consisting of sister Petra, and father Roy, run a boating tour business in the swamps. Among the other guests are couple Ernie, Tina and an old man whom Paul nicknames "Gramps". The group has an encounter with several giant, fire-breathing albino spiders and stop at a drug store to grab bug spray. However, more spiders invade the store, killing Gramps and a clerk, and the group is eventually forced back to the bus. They drive to the marina where Roy and Petra work, both of whom are already aware of the situation. After Ernie is abducted by a spider, the survivors flee on Roy's boat, with more spiders in pursuit. Tina, shaken by Ernie's death, speeds up the boat in a blind panic, only to end up crashing it into a bayou and is thrown from the boat before she is dragged away by another spider and was being swallowed whole by it, kicking and screaming while everyone watches in horror, the spider finishes consuming her and then goes back into its burrow to painfully digest Tina alive in peace, while the others then take Tina's demise as an opportunity to flee into the woods. Meanwhile, Charlie's bus is attacked by the spiders, and he crashes it into a tree. He and the cheerleaders manage to stay safe inside as the spiders encase the bus in webbing, although a group of soldiers arrive and kill the spiders before rescuing the passengers.  Paul's group meets up with locals Jean Jacques, Roux and Guillaume. They take the group to a warehouse they work at. There, Katelynn, a biologist, suggests they trap a spider so she can examine it. They do so, and Katelynn discovers that the spiders are prehistoric and were released from the earthquakes. She also explains they are a hive mind and if they can find, and kill the queen, they will all die. The warehouse soon comes under attack from the spiders, and the survivors run into the woods; in the ensuing chaos, Roux, Guillaume and Roy are killed, and Katelynn and Petra are abducted while Justin and Jean are evacuated on a helicopter. Paul and Annabel venture into a nearby cave to find a nest, with Katelynn and Petra both trapped by webbing. They free them, although the queen spider soon attacks the group; they manage to reach the boat, and launch it back into the water. Meanwhile, Justin and Jean are taken to a rooftop where Charlie is, and he reunites with his son.  On the boat, Katelynn falls unconscious due to an asthma attack and Paul resolves to kill the queen himself. He gears up in a diving suit and heads into the city where the queen is on a rampage as Annabel and Petra find an ambulance to get Katelynn to the hospital. Annabel reunites with Charlie, and Justin on the rooftop as Jean enters the city streets to help Paul. The two are abducted by the queen as she creates a giant web between two buildings. Jean is soon killed, and Paul is swallowed whole by the spider, although he sticks a piece of dynamite inside its body and attaches a rope to it before falling out the spinneret. Paul uses an explosive to ignite the rope, the spark eventually reaching the dynamite, causing the queen to blow up from the inside out, killing it. Paul is rescued by military forces, and reunites with Petra as all of the remaining spiders soon die.
New York City hedge fund magnate Robert Miller manages a fund with his daughter Brooke and is about to sell it for a handsome profit. He is having an affair with a much younger woman, gallery owner Julie Cote, whom he has also helped financially. However, unbeknownst to Brooke and most of his other employees, Miller has cooked his company's books and borrowed $412 million from an associate in order to cover an investment loss and avoid being arrested for fraud.  The potential buyer, James Mayfield, is stalling the process, and Miller's lender wants to call in the loan, but Miller says he needs the money to stay in his account until the audit for the sale is complete. They schedule a meeting at a restaurant during which contracts are to be signed, and it's the same night as Julie's gallery show, which Miller has promised to attend. Julie continually texts and calls Miller throughout the meeting, which drags on as they wait for Mayfield to arrive. When Mayfield doesn't show up, Miller leaves in disgust, but not before Brooke informs him that she has found some financial discrepancies in old ledgers.  Miller finally goes to Julie's opening, but angry on his late arrival she tells him to leave. He comes back and they fight, but he convinces her to go with him on a trip upstate. Miller dozes off at the wheel and crashes the car, resulting in Julie's death. An injured Miller almost calls 9-1-1, then realizes he must cover up his involvement. He flees the scene as the car bursts into flames. Miller calls Jimmy Grant, the son of his late chauffeur, who feels loyal to Miller for paying his father's medical bills. After Jimmy drives him home, Miller removes security camera DVDs that show his late arrival, burns his bloody clothing, then goes to bed bruised at 4:30 am, arousing wife Ellen's suspicion.  The next day, Miller discusses his "hypothetical" situation with his lawyer, who advises the hypothetical person to turn himself in, as the lies required to keep the story a secret will pile up. The lawyer also mentions that Ellen has visited an estate lawyer. Miller is later questioned by police detective Bryer, who is keen on arresting him for manslaughter. Meanwhile, Brooke discovers Miller's fraud and, realizing that she could be implicated, confronts him. Miller admits to the fraud but insists that he will handle it. Jimmy is arrested and placed before a grand jury, but still refuses to admit to helping Miller cover up the accident, although this might lead to his incriminating. Miller tells Jimmy that investors are depending on him and that waiting for the sale to close before coming forward would serve the greater good. Eventually, Miller gets himself and Jimmy out of trouble by proving that Bryer's claimed "evidence" were false car photos bearing Jimmy's plate number.  With the audit complete and the company in the clear for the sale, Miller meets Mayfield and they agree on a price. Later, Ellen confronts Miller and offers him a deal: if he signs a separation agreement that gives all voting rights and money to her non-profit foundation and their daughter, she will lie and say she was with him the night of the accident; if he refuses, she will tell the truth and he will go to prison. Meanwhile, Mayfield discusses a secondary audit that has been performed on Miller's company. The report does show a problem, but Mayfield chooses to ignore it, as the sale has already been made and further scrutiny would be counter-productive to the image of his own corporation.  In the final scene, Miller addresses a banquet honoring him, with Ellen at his side and Brooke introducing him. Tension among them is evident but nobody seems to notice. Smiling as he approaches the podium to deliver his speech, the screen cuts to black.
After a car accident, two teenagers are left stranded in rural Greece. Charlotte has a deep desire to find connection, but hides behind a sullen disposition and her new-found sexual power. Sye, her recent stepbrother, is introverted, hiding behind his camera and caustic wit. As the two wander the dusty roads and staggering beauty of Greece, they come across Benerji, an expatriate American. With no other alternative, they reluctantly accept him as their guide.  The three begin an adventurous journey toward the mystic waters on the sacred Mount Parnonas. Their journey takes them through a landscape both ancient and modern. Events force them to confront the truth of their past and the frightening, beautiful reality of their present.
Swifty (Jeremy Renner), an Arctic fox, works in the mailroom of the Arctic Blast Delivery Service, but he has much bigger dreams. He wishes to become a Top Dog, the Arctic's star husky couriers. To prove he can do it, he commandeers one of the sleds and delivers a mysterious package to a secret location. Once there, he stumbles onto a hidden fortress, overseen by the nefarious Otto Von Walrus (John Cleese). The blubbery evil genius commands an army of oddly polite puffin henchmen.  Swifty discovers Otto Von Walrus' villainous plan to drill beneath the snow-packed surface to unleash masses of ancient gas to melt the Arctic and become the world's supreme ruler. To stop this sinister scheme, Swifty enlists the help of his friends: P.B. (Alec Baldwin), a neurotic polar bear, Lemmy (James Franco), a scatterbrained albatross, Jade (Heidi Klum), a brainy red fox engineer and Swifty's love interest, Leopold (Omar Sy) and Bertha (also voiced by Heidi Klum), two conspiracy theorist otters, and Magda (Anjelica Huston), his curmudgeonly caribou boss.
Steve Dallas burns through his paycheck quickly every month convincing women to have sex with him. He can afford this lifestyle as he is the weatherman for local news channel WRSC. Although expected to make his own forecasts, he relies on assistant Delia Shepard to do it for him. Steve spends his free time with childhood friend Ben Baker, a bearded hippie who spends his days smoking cannabis.  One day, Ben violently bursts into the WRSC premises to tell Steve his father has died. Steve drives him to the funeral, but they arrive late due to Ben insisting they save some crayfish from ending up as bait. Despite missing all but the lowering of the casket, Ben is received with open arms by his stepmother Angela, a young special education teacher who married Ben's father just five years ago.   At the reading of the will, Angela is left nothing, in accordance with her wishes; Ben's sister Terry is left $350,000 and Ben is left the family farm, general store, and $2,000,000.  In a manic episode, Ben first decides to use his money to create a school that will spread New Age philosophy, and starts giving classes in the backyard of the family farm. He is soon stopped by Terry, who has decided to contest the will in court by challenging Ben's sanity, forcing him to have a psychiatric evaluation. On the day of the appointment, Ben runs to a neighboring Amish farm, feeling their lifestyle is a role model for his future school.  The psychiatrist concludes that, though bipolar, Ben is not a danger to himself or to others, so the court rules that Ben can keep his inheritance. Celebrating the ruling, Ben and Steve get drunk and Steve attempts to reveal to Angela that he has developed genuine feelings for her in the days since they met.  Ben has a depressive episode and starts believing life has no meaning. When Angela tries to console him, they end up having sex. The next morning, after taking his new medication, Ben shaves his beard, meets with Terry, and gives her full control of the store. Terry makes plans to tear it down and replace it with a more modern version.  Steve soon tires of the emptiness of his job and, drawn to the substance and positive influence of Angela, drives to the farm to see her. He is livid when Terry tells him Ben slept with Angela. Although Ben signs over ownership of the farm to him, Steve storms off and returns to the city to drink and smoke pot, despite having been sober for days to impress Angela.  Making good on an earlier promise, Ben moves to the town center to live a normal life. Steve, who has built much of his identity around helping Ben with his problems, has an identity crisis and realizes the error of his ways. He quits his job as a weatherman, returns to the farm, and reconciles with Ben.  The film ends with Steve inviting Angela to stay on the farm and help him run it. She forgives him, and they begin their romance. Ben is shown in the early stages of getting to know a neighbor—a single, friendly mother with a young son.
Three close friends, Reid, Darrin, and Ben, attend a party together, during which Reid vanishes. Unable to locate him, Ben and Darrin leave. Driving home on a dark, secluded road, the two nearly run over Reid, who is inexplicably standing in the roadway in a daze.  After the incident, Reid becomes fascinated with aliens and Area 51. Reid spends months planning to infiltrate Area 51 to uncover the base's secrets. However, Reid's obsessive extraterrestrial research leaves him detached from his family and he loses his job. Reid recruits Darrin and Ben to help him infiltrate Area 51. Together with Jelena, another conspiracy theorist whose father worked at Area 51, they contrive to sneak onto the military base using signal jammers, night vision goggles, Freon-laced jumpsuits, and pills to mask their ammonia levels.  Jelena's father advises the group to investigate a man who works at Area 51 in a key position. Ben, Reid, and Darrin follow the man home from the airport, sneak into his house, and steal his security badge. Ben drops his three friends off in the desert outside the base and waits for their return. Reid, Darrin and Jelena bypass the base's perimeter defenses. They use the stolen security badge to enter the complex. Exploring the base, the trio discover a lab containing anti-gravity material and a lifelike liquid substance. They also find an alien spacecraft in a hangar, which only Reid can enter or interact with. The three reach the 'S4'-level of Area 51, which stores the complex's most secret information and experiments. They trigger an alarm and are swarmed by guards. Darrin gets separated from his friends. Eluding the guards, Darrin narrowly escapes a predatory alien and retreats to the base's higher levels.  Reid and Jelena venture deeper into the complex to discover a cavern-like structure beneath Area 51. There they find articles of clothing, toys, and later, pods containing human blood and organs. The two stumble on a colony of sleeping aliens. An alien awakens and chases them out of the cave into a different section of the complex where they find themselves in a white chamber. As Reid examines a series of alien symbols, Jelena is suddenly dragged away by an unseen force. Reid locates her, but she is unresponsive and in a trance. The chamber suddenly loses gravity, revealing them to be on board a silver alien spacecraft, from which Reid's camera falls and plummets to the ground.  Darrin successfully escapes the complex to learn that all base personnel are evacuating Area 51. He exits back into the desert, where he finds Ben waiting. Darrin explains their group was separated, and he frantically urges Ben to drive away; however, the car's engine dies. The camcorder captures the pair's abduction from the car.  In a post-credits scene, an old man the group previously interviewed finds Reid's camcorder, which is still-recording.
The film follows the story of Thomas Mathews, a well-known and award-winning reporter who suffers a big impact with the disappearance of his son.  A year later, Thomas has not discovered anything about the kidnapping and remains obsessed with it to the point of being about to lose his home and his job.  In order to help him, his boss offers a special project, in which the journalist must investigate cases of UFO sightings, close encounters of the first, second and third kind and even abductions.  For this task he must travel to Ceará, Brazil, in the cities of Quixadá and Quixeramobim, known as "Area Q".  It is during investigations that Thomas meets João Batista, a man who has many answers about what is happening in this area and also about his son.  Gradually, he begins to realize that he is about to experience the greatest discovery of his life.
The Deathgames is a popular, controversial, and illegal web-show featuring a modern day gladiator arena where combatants fight to the death for the entertainment of online viewers, including a group of college students, and a group of Singaporean office workers. Government authorities have been searching to shut down the operation, but to no avail. David Lord (Kellan Lutz), a fireman and paramedic, gets into a terrible car accident with his pregnant girlfriend, Lori (Nina Dobrev), who does not survive the crash. Grief-stricken, David contemplates suicide, but decides against it. Later he drowns his sorrows at a local bar, while a mysterious woman, Milla (Katia Winter), watches him from afar. After witnessing him easily subdue the bar's bouncer, Milla seduces David before incapacitating him and allowing him to be kidnapped.  Milla, it turns out, is a recruiter for The Deathgames, which is run by the confident Logan (Samuel L. Jackson) and his two assistants Kaneko (Irene Choi) and Kawaii (Lauren Shiohama). Kaden (Johnny Messner), the executioner, is doubtful of the fighting ability of a mere "doctor." David is locked in a small cell and befriends a fellow fighter in the cell next to his, Taiga (Daniel Dae Kim), who tells him that he was coerced into participating due to a threat on his wife's life. David reluctantly wins his first fight, and Milla becomes more invested in his success (as she gets paid when he wins). Logan tells David that he will set him free if he wins ten fights in a row.  In order to persuade David to fight again, Kaden reveals that Taiga's wife is in their hands and will be killed if he fails to win his next fight. After David wins, it is revealed that his opponent was Taiga, who was given the same task for his wife. Remorsefully, David kills Taiga, but not before incurring serious wounds of his own. It is then that David officially accepts Logan's offer (win ten battles and he will be set free), on the one condition: the tenth and final opponent must be Kaden himself.  Milla begins to feel bad for David after seeing how badly he is hurt and personally attends to his wounds. She becomes closer to him as he fights his next few fights and has him moved to a more comfortable room with more space and a bed. She brings him food and women. After each fight she personally dresses his wounds. Eventually she realizes her attraction to him, dyes her hair black (as was David's wife) and Milla and David have sex.  For the penultimate fight, Kaden arranges for the release of a South African serial killer named Brutus Jackson (Derek Mears), which leads Logan to believe that Kaden is afraid of David. Before the fight, David tells Milla to contact his brother Sam, who he has not seen since the car accident. She does so, but Sam does not seem to want to hear from David. David defeats Brutus in brutal fight, and Logan is distressed. Logan has a doctor create a drug to inject into David, which will slow him down and make him an easy victim for Kaden in their fight.  Large crowds watch online as Kaden initially pummels David, but much to Logan's surprise, David begins to gain the heavy advantage. As they fight, it is revealed through flashbacks that "David Lord" is the assumed name of a secret government agent (surname Searle) who was specifically sent to infiltrate The Deathgames. The phone call to "Sam" was in order to alert his superior, Agent McCarty (James Remar), about his location via phone tracing. It is also revealed that Milla secretly switched Logan's drug with a simple saline solution prior to the fight. A group of American soldiers invade the facility and arrest Milla, Kaneko, and Kawaii. Filled with rage after defeating and killing Kaden, David hunts down Logan and corners him in a stockroom. As David is about to strike the deadly blow, soldiers arrive, snapping David out of his murderous fury. Logan escapes.  Agent McCarty consoles David as he deals with the fact that he had to kill so many people and assures him that Logan will be caught. Milla apologizes to David as she is escorted away, and McCarty assures David that she is in good hands.
On November 4, 1979, Iranian Islamists storm the United States Embassy in Tehran in retaliation for President Jimmy Carter giving the Shah, an absolute monarch who was supported by Western powers, asylum in the U.S. during the Iranian Revolution, for cancer treatment. Sixty-six of the embassy staff are taken as hostages, but six avoid capture and are sheltered in the home of Canadian Ambassador Ken Taylor.  With the six escapees' situation kept secret, the U.S. State Department begins to explore options for exfiltrating them from Iran. Agent Tony Mendez, a U.S. Central Intelligence Agency exfiltration specialist, is brought in for a consultation. He criticizes the proposals but is at a loss when asked for an alternative. While on the phone with his son, he is inspired by watching Battle for the Planet of the Apes and begins plans for creating a cover story for the escapees: that they are Canadian filmmakers who are in Iran scouting exotic locations for a science-fiction film.  Mendez contacts John Chambers, a Hollywood make-up artist who had previously worked for the CIA. Chambers puts Mendez in touch with film producer Lester Siegel. Together, they set up a phony film production company, publicize their plans, and successfully establish the pretense of developing Argo, a "science fantasy adventure" in the style of Star Wars, to lend the cover story credibility. Meanwhile, the escapees grow restless. The revolutionaries reassemble embassy photographs shredded before the takeover and realize that some personnel are unaccounted for.  Posing as a producer for Argo, Mendez enters Iran under the alias Kevin Harkins and meets with the six escapees. He provides them with Canadian passports and fake identities. Although afraid to trust Mendez's scheme, they reluctantly go along, knowing that he is risking his own life too. A scouting visit to the bazaar to maintain their cover story takes a bad turn when they are harassed by a hostile shopkeeper, but their Iranian culture contact hustles them away from the hostile crowd.  Mendez is told the operation has been cancelled in favor of a planned military rescue of the hostages. He pushes ahead anyway, forcing his boss, Deputy Director Jack O'Donnell to hastily re-obtain authorization for the mission and rebook their cancelled tickets on a Swissair flight. Tensions rise at the airport, where the escapees' new ticket reservations are confirmed only at the last minute, and the head guard's call to the fake production company in Hollywood is answered only at the last second. The escapees board the plane, and at about the same time, the airport authorities are alerted to the ruse. They try to stop them, but the plane is able to take off.  To protect the hostages remaining in Tehran from retaliation, all U.S. involvement in the rescue is suppressed, and full credit is given to the Canadian government and its ambassador (who shuts down the embassy and leaves Iran with his wife as the operation is underway). The ambassador's Iranian housekeeper, who had known about the Americans and lied to the revolutionaries to protect them, escapes to Iraq. Mendez is awarded the Intelligence Star, but due to the mission's classified nature, he receives the medal in secret and has to return it afterward. Mendez returns to his wife and son in Virginia.  The film ends by explaining what happened after the depicted events: the hostages were freed after 444 days, Mendez and Chambers remained friends until Chambers' death in 2001, Bill Clinton returned Mendez's star in 1997 after the Canadian Caper is declassified, and that he lives with his family in rural Maryland.  As the credits roll, President Jimmy Carter is heard commenting on the operation.
In 2009, in the midst of the real estate housing crisis, divorced realtor Cassie Fowler resides in Harding, Arizona, with her 14-year-old daughter Morgan.  Cassie is ridiculed one morning by Gary, her aggressive boss. While Cassie is on the phone with a debt collector regarding the potential foreclosure of her own home, a client named Sonny enters the office, enraged at Gary because the house he has sold is losing value. The argument turns physical and culminates with Gary being pushed over a ledge to his death. Sonny then notices Cassie, tries to convince her not to call the authorities, then knocks her unconscious and takes her to his house.  Sonny tells her he will let her go if she promises not to tell. When Sonny decides Cassie is lying, he ties her up just as his ex-wife Vikki enters the house. An argument ensues between Sonny and Vikki, ending with Sonny striking her in the head with a golf club.  Sonny has both women tied up. After a verbal argument where Vikki highlights how much of a loser he is, Sonny bashes Vikki in the face with a granite block, killing her. Cassie tries to calm him, but when he becomes suspicious that she is lying to him over simple facts, he decides to torment her by kidnapping Morgan.  Sonny arrives at Cassie's house and tells Morgan that Cassie has been in a car accident. Suspicious, Morgan attempts to make a phone call, and Sonny forces his way in. Able to hide in the house, Morgan calls 911, but Sonny has picked up on another line and tricks her into believing he is the operator and revealing her location in the house.  Cassie has untied herself and runs to the guard shack at the entrance to the housing development. The guard is reluctant to provide assistance but lends her his cell phone. Cassie calls Scott, her ex-husband, to come and help her save Morgan. She tells him the name of the housing development, but hangs up to talk with Sheriff Coburn, who has arrived. Cassie takes him back to the house and Coburn forces his way in. Coburn is sprayed in the face with pepper spray and fatally shoots the unseen attacker, revealed to be an elderly woman and the wrong house. Sonny arrives and shoots Coburn dead. He takes Cassie at gunpoint, revealing he watched them drive by and that he lives only a few houses over. Sonny forces Cassie and Morgan to bury Vikki, but Cassie manages to hit him with a shovel, allowing time to escape.  They find the keys to the elderly woman's vehicle. As they drive towards the gate, Sonny appears in the guard's uniform, his fourth kill of the day. Sonny shoots out the vehicle's tire, causing them to crash. Cassie and Morgan flee to the first house they find with lights on, but it is an abandoned house being used to grow marijuana.  Scott and his girlfriend Kelsey arrive at the guard shack and Sonny convinces them that he is the security guard. Sonny leads them through the neighborhood and tells Scott to shout for Cassie and Morgan. Still in the house, they hear Scott and Cassie runs out. Seeing Sonny, she shouts at Scott to run over the guard, but Sonny shoots Scott dead. Kelsey manages to back the car away, but crashes into and knocks down a light pole that knocks out the electricity to the marijuana house and ignites a brush fire. While trying to retrieve a gun from the trunk to kill Sonny, the fire reaches the car and she is killed in the ensuing explosion.  Sonny chases Cassie and Morgan back into the blacked-out house. Sonny finds them and – just as he is about to shoot Cassie – Morgan shines a flashlight in his face, allowing Cassie to stab him with a pair of gardening shears. Sonny pursues them and catches Cassie at the door of the unfinished basement. After a short struggle, Cassie pushes him in, and Sonny dies from the fall. Cassie and Morgan walk out of the development, shown burning as the various fires spread.
A team of trained operatives are sent to a prison facility to investigate the disappearance of another covert operational  unit. Soon after arriving they discover the bodies of their men and then find themselves trapped inside after a full lock-down. They watch the surveillance footage of the soldiers being killed by unseen assailants, and soon after they  begin to experience strange and horrific phenomena as they attempt to uncover what is killing them!  The building is a highly evolved AI named Temple which is in effect a huge lie detector.  The team who have been killed and the team sent to rescue them had previously been on a tour of duty in Afghanistan.  Whilst in Afghanistan they were questioning a village elder and things got out of hand and they massacred the village; they have been covering this up and this is what Temple wants to expose and why they are being punished.
Alan Jones is a recently unemployed grocery store worker.  One night he decides to go back to find his coworker Ashley and propose to her, but when he sees her kissing his former boss, he leaves.  While heading home, Alan’s kidnapped by a child genius named Igor and taken to a warehouse of Dr. Tanner Finski.  There they remove one of Alan’s eyeballs and put it into his Frankenstein monster.  While Igor injects Frankenstein with a special regeneration liquid, Alan stumbles and activates the process which brings Frankenstein to life.  Suddenly a lightning bolt comes and overloads the system.  An interdimensional portal appears creating multiple Frankenstein copies before the portal swallows everyone and takes them to 1865 in the middle of a battle of the American Civil War.  The Frankensteins immediately start attacking the Confederate and Union soldiers, killing many of them.  Alan is rescued by Corporal Solomon Jones, who Alan found out earlier is his Great-great-great grandfather.  He is taken to the infirmary next to the dying Dr. Finski where he begins seeing images of what the original Frankenstein sees. Igor is behind Confederate lines where Lt. Swanson takes his injector before letting him leave to the Union side.  Swanson shows the injector to Capt. Walton, who injects a cat and watching it turn into a giant beast that runs into the woods.  Dr. Finski tells them that they must kill the Frankenstein to create a portal back before dying.  So Alan, Igor, Solomon, and Virginia (a medic and Solomon’s girlfriend) go out and find them.  They eventually track them down to another Union camp.  During the fight, Virginia is cornered by the original Frankenstein in a hot air balloon and they fly off.  Virginia is able to explain to Frankenstein her life as a slave and explain what they’re fighting for.  Frankenstein understands and agrees to help the Union, causing the duplicate Frankensteins to relax.  Their balloon is then shot down by the Confederacy and they get captured.  While heading back to camp, Solomon is attacked by the cat beast and has his left forearm removed.  At the Confederate camp, Walton sees how strong Frankenstein is from the injection, so he orders Swanson to inject himself with the regeneration liquid, which turns him into a larger stronger Confederate monster.  Thinking the war is now won, Walton lets them go to tell the Union about their doom.  Virginia arrives at the Union camp along with all the Frankensteins.  She’s able to convince the soldiers they are on their side, giving them hope.  The next day a big and gory battle takes place.  With the help of the Frankensteins and the disintegration ray Igor built to replace Solomon’s left forearm, they are victorious.  As the Frankenstein surround Walton and the Confederate monster, Virginia’s sister Maggie stabs the original Frankenstein in revenge for killing her soldier boyfriend earlier.  With the other Frankensteins falling in pain, the Confederate monster disables Solomon’s ray gun and kills Maggie before leaving.  When Abraham Lincoln hears about the battle, he invites Alan, Igor and Frankenstein to the White House.  Before leaving, Igor starts ingesting the regeneration liquid and gives Solomon a bag not to open until he’s gone.  Once there, Lincoln mentions that Walton and the Confederate monster also arrived and he needs to find out why.  They track them down at a tavern, where Igor tries to sneak in.  He’s able to find out they’re talking with John Wilkes Booth about killing Lincoln before he’s spotted.  As he tries to run, he’s shot by Walton.  As Igor dies, Frankenstein calls on the other Frankensteins to join him, followed by Solomon and Virginia.  Alan and Frankenstein meet Walton, Booth and the Confederate monster at the theatre.  The two monsters fight while Alan and Booth battle inside.  As Solomon and the Frankensteins arrive, the Confederate monster had knocked out Frankenstein.  With the other Frankensteins out, Solomon tries to take him on himself.  Meanwhile, Booth is able to knock out Alan and continue.  Eventually, Frankenstein regains consciousness and the other Frankensteins recover and save Solomon by beating down the Confederate monster.  When Walton begins insulting the Confederate monster, he throws Walton into the Frankensteins allowing them to rip him into pieces.  As Booth fires the gun, Frankenstein steps in front of Lincoln and is shot instead.  The bullet staggers Frankenstein, causing him to knock Lincoln over the balcony before Frankenstein goes over squashing Lincoln.  As Booth tries to leave, Solomon disintegrates him.  As Frankenstein dies, the other Frankensteins disappear and the portal appears allowing Alan to go back.  Alan is back at the warehouse just as a portal is opening.  He warns Igor about his death, but since Igor believes that Alan would die if he didn’t go, he leaves anyway.  Alan goes back to the grocery store where he punches out his ex-boss and asks Ashley to marry him.  She refuses since they’re not ready.  When Alan gives Ashley a $5 bill, he sees that it has Frankenstein’s face on it.  When he does an ancestry search on Solomon Jones, he finds that he married Virginia and adopted Igor, making him his Great-great grandfather.  The bag Igor gave to Solomon contained a metal rod with instructions to stick it in his grave during a stormy night.  A lightning bolt hits it, activating the regeneration fluid to bring him back to life.
During the opening credits there is a montage of many men Jyothi dates depicted through one date. There will be natural wipes, which change her date from one guy to another, and the changing of seasons will depict the time passing. Lyle wakes up in bed with Jyothi and breaks up with her.  During the weekly dinner with her parents, Jyothis mother hassles her about marriage again. She gives her a hard time about being 30 now and single. She asks her if she can find someone for her. To her surprise, Jyothi says, yes. Her mother gets very excited and tells Jyothis father that he is her witness.  Melanie meets Adam at Kickball. Adam and Melanie start a side love story. The girls are heavily involved in the kickball sub-culture, and their different personalities are revealed here.  Jyothis mother posts her profile on the matrimonial website and starts screening men for her. Jyothi has conversations with these men and some are very comical. She finally talks to a guy, Vimal that seems decent. They agree to go out. He asks her to pick the place to go, and tells her that he will meet her there.  During her date, there is good conversation, but no chemistry. When the bill arrives, she goes for the reach and he lets her pay for half. She seems disappointed. Jyothi goes out with Vimal a few more times and the same pattern continues and there is no chemistry yet. Vimal asks her to marry him after 5 dates and she agrees.  Before they make the announcement, her father gives her the opportunity to back out of the wedding. He explains to her that after the invitations go out, that it would bring shame to her family if she backed out. Jyothi confirms that her decision is final. Her parents get very excited and start planning the wedding and invite a 1000 people.  When she is out with her girls the man of her dreams, Justin, hits on her. There is instant chemistry. They chat, but she has to leave with Melanie who decides to leave for the night with a hook-up.  He has a secret date planned for her since she tells him she is obsessed with Top Chef, takes her to Mike Isabella from Top Chef season six and all-stars new restaurant Graffiato. She has a blast with him and when the check comes he grabs it instantly and pays for the entire thing.  She continues to go out with both men. She never tells Justin about her upcoming marriage, because she is confused on what to do. If she breaks the marriage off, Justin might break her heart. If she breaks the marriage then she will be shunned by the Indian community and her family and will probably not have an opportunity to have an arranged marriage again.  Preetha and her husband Sid progress in their relationship throughout the film. They get pregnant, and Preetha quits the kickball team and her lifestyle of partying. Melanie drinks more and more and her life gets consumed by random hook-ups and she ends up losing her job due to her lifestyle. Jyothi sees two potential ways her life could go and is at a cross-road.  Jyothi tells Justin about her impending marriage, he tells her to just break it off. He doesn't seem to understand how hard it would be for her to do that. Justin comes around and tries to get Jyothi back. Who will Jyothi pick?
Linguist Louise Banks's daughter Hannah dies at the age of twelve from an incurable illness.  Twelve extraterrestrial spacecraft hover over various locations around the Earth. In the ensuing widespread panic, affected nations send military and scientific experts to monitor and study them.  In the United States, US Army Colonel Weber recruits Banks and physicist Ian Donnelly to study the craft above Montana. On board, Banks and Donnelly make contact with two cephalopod-like, seven-limbed aliens, whom they call "heptapods"; Donnelly nicknames them Abbott and Costello. Banks and Donnelly research the complex written language of the aliens, consisting of palindromic phrases written with circular symbols, and share the results with other nations. As Banks studies the language, she starts to have flashback-like visions of her daughter.  When Banks is able to establish sufficient shared vocabulary to ask why the aliens have come, they answer with a statement that could be translated as "offer weapon". China interprets this as "use weapon", prompting them to break off communications, and other nations follow. Banks argues that the symbol interpreted as "weapon" can be more abstractly related to the concepts of "means" or "tool"; China's translation likely results from interacting with the aliens using mahjong, a highly competitive game.  Rogue soldiers plant a bomb in the Montana craft. Unaware, Banks and Donnelly reenter the alien vessel, and the aliens give them a more complex message. Just before the bomb explodes, one of the aliens ejects Donnelly and Banks from the vessel, knocking them unconscious. When they wake, the alien craft has moved beyond reach and the US military is preparing to evacuate in case of retaliation.  China's General Shang issues an ultimatum to his local alien craft, demanding that it leave China within 24 hours. Russia, Pakistan, and Sudan follow suit; communications between the international research teams are terminated as worldwide panic sets in.  Donnelly discovers that the symbol for time is present throughout the message and that the writing occupies exactly one-twelfth of the 3D space into which it is projected. Banks suggests that the full message is split among the twelve craft and that the aliens want all the nations to share what they learn.  Banks goes alone to the Montana craft, which sends down a transport pod. Abbott has been mortally injured as a result of the explosion. Costello explains that they have come to help humanity, for in 3,000 years they will need humanity's help in return. Banks realizes the "weapon" is their language. Learning the language alters humans' linear perception of time, allowing them to experience memories of future events. Banks's visions of her daughter are revealed to be premonitions; her daughter will not be born until sometime in the future.  Banks returns to the camp as it is being evacuated and tells Donnelly that the aliens' language is the "tool" that was meant by the word "weapon". She has a premonition of a United Nations event celebrating newfound unity, following the alien arrival, in which Shang thanks her for persuading him to stop the attack when she called his private number and recited his wife's dying words. He then shows her his private number.  In the present, Banks takes CIA agent Halpern's satellite phone from a table and calls Shang's private number to recite the words. The Chinese announce that they are standing down and releasing their twelfth of the message. The other countries follow suit, and the twelve spacecraft depart.  Based on what she has learned, she writes and publishes a book called The Universal Language, a guide to the heptapod language, which will eventually teach humanity to perceive time the same way as the heptapods.  During the evacuation, Donnelly expresses his love for Banks. They talk about life choices and whether he would change them if he could see his life from beginning to end. Banks knows that she will agree to have a child with him despite knowing their fate: that Hannah will die from an incurable disease and Donnelly will leave them both after she reveals that she knew this.
Mikey and his younger brother JP grow up in their teens on the streets with crime, baseball and brothers looking out for one another. Mikey protects JP when he walks in on his Uncle Rich who's committed suicide with a shotgun.   Mikey witnesses Eddie torture and kill somebody who crossed him in the back of the Video Arcade. Later, Mikey gives his lawn mowing job to JP.  Twenty-three years later as adults, Mikey is getting out of jail and JP is running a successful construction company. Sal, a detective friend of JP's warns him about Mikey getting into drugs.    The families celebrate a 4 July picnic with Mikey, his wife Vicki and daughter Alexis being the dysfunctional family and JP and his family being the normal American clan.  JP loaned Mikey $10,000 for braces for his daughter but Mikey bought drugs to flip for a quick profit.  The drugs have been jacked with Rusty being the prime suspect.  Mikey ends up losing the drugs and his money.  Sleezeball mobster Eddie King meets up with Mikey in the club, and decide to stage a kidnapping of Mikey, and Eddie contacts his brother JP demanding $350,000 ransom to free his brother.  Mikey is beat up and the pictures are sent to JP.  JP and Sal, who uses his street knowledge, go looking for leads to free Mikey.  They track down Rusty who admits to stealing the drugs. JP refuses to pay initially.  Eddie's brother shows up and demands Eddie to stop his silly kidnap scheme.  Eddie spent 3 years in jail for his brother Buddy and he does not appreciate the interference.  Eddie ruthlessly and brutally kills his brother Buddy.  Mikey says he's not going to play along with Eddie's scheme any more, Eddie decides to kidnap him for real, and gets his henchmen to beat him up in the car park.  Mikey wakes up tied to a chair in the back of the Arcade where he witnessed that incident all those years ago.  Eddie lets JP know that he killed his own brother so that his threat to kill Mikey is real. Mikey tries to escape and is beaten up yet again. Eddies henchmen kidnap Mikey's daughter Alexis to ensure that exchange goes ahead. JP agrees to meet up with Eddie and pay $200,000.  Mikey goes to the Arcade to rescue his brother, and then, with his brother safe, goes to the meeting with Eddie, but at the money exchange the money bag explodes. Eddie and his henchmen are killed after a bloody long shootout.  Once again the Lindel family enjoys another picnic together.
Boozy Arthur Bach and his chauffeur, Bitterman, dress up in Batman and Robin costumes for a formal dinner hosted by Arthur's mother, Vivienne. The dinner is intended to announce Arthur as the new chairman of her corporation, Bach Worldwide. Driving to the dinner in a Batmobile, an intoxicated Arthur is chased by police, arrested and released the next day.  Vivienne forms a plan to have her shrewd assistant Susan Johnson marry Arthur to ensure stable leadership and help Arthur's reputation. Arthur initially refuses (citing that he and Susan have nothing in common for a loveless relationship), but is told that he will be cut off from his $950 million inheritance if he does not marry Susan. He reluctantly agrees, and eventually asks Susan's father, Burt Johnson, for permission to marry. Burt agrees, after forcing Arthur against a table saw and warning him not to embarrass Susan.  In the meantime Arthur has met and wooed Naomi Quinn, an illegal tour guide to whom he has become attracted because of her free-spirited nature. He arranges his wedding while sneaking around on dates with Naomi. Arthur's nanny, Lillian Hobson – who normally dislikes all of Arthur's choices in women – gets to know and likes Naomi. Arthur learns that Naomi would like to have her children's book about the Statue of Liberty published. He attempts to find employment and other options so that he will be able to keep seeing Naomi and not need the inheritance, but to no avail.  Hobson takes Arthur to an Alcoholics Anonymous meeting, where Arthur complains that it is depressing and makes him want to drink. He proclaims he is going to drink, unintentionally brags about his wealth, and turns to leave the meeting. Hobson stands up and takes the bullet, giving Arthur's humiliating introduction in his place. Arthur, touched, states that if only she would do his drinking for him as well, he would be set.  Arthur goes to see Naomi at her house and tells her the truth – that he is engaged to Susan. Naomi then tells him to leave. Back home, Arthur calls for Hobson, only for Bitterman to come and tell him that she is in bed with a headache. Later, Hobson goes to Naomi and asks her to give Arthur another chance, but she again falls ill and is taken to a hospital. Naomi calls Arthur to tell him what has happened. He comes to the hospital, meets Naomi and is about to make up with her, but Susan arrives and tells Naomi that Arthur has bought the company that is handling the publication of her book. Upset, Naomi leaves the hospital. Hobson comes home and Arthur takes care of her. The two begin to get along better. However, a few days later, Hobson dies in her sleep and Arthur reverts to alcohol to numb the pain of her death, losing Naomi, and being married to Susan.  At his wedding, Arthur gets drunk and finds Hobson's last letter to him in which she advises him to follow his heart. Arthur decides, during the vows, not to proceed with the marriage. Susan and her father become belligerent and begin punching him, which makes Vivienne realize that the ambitious and conniving Susan is only after her company. Vivienne stops the ruckus, but reminds Arthur of the agreed upon disinheritance if he pursues Naomi. Arthur strips nearly naked to emphasize that he wants no kind of dependency on his mother's money and runs to Naomi's apartment. He tells her that he just lost his mum (meaning Hobson, not Vivienne) but Naomi, still upset with him, says she can't replace Hobson and refuses any prospect of their getting back together.  Six months later, Arthur is now sober. He has got back his inheritance because he is managing the company's charity, and his mother is proud of him for finally taking something seriously (possibly indicating his love for Naomi). He goes to a bookshop to buy Naomi's book – which she has dedicated to him – and sees an advertisement for a book-reading she will be giving at the New York Public Library. Arthur goes to the library and, this time, Naomi takes him back. The two leave the library and Bitterman drives them through New York in the Batmobile with the police following in pursuit.
Former pro golfer Wallace Avery is struggling with depression and a life from which he longs to escape. Trapped in an unfulfilling FedEx floor manager job in Florida, he finds little comfort in his failed first marriage or his current relationship with his girlfriend Mina. He is estranged from his teenage son Kevin, who has come to resent him. Wallace decides that he needs a new life.  Faking his own death by drowning, he acquires a forged passport and a new identity—that of a golf pro named "Arthur Newman". "Arthur" heads out for Terre Haute, Indiana to start a new job as a resident golf pro at a club. Along the way, he meets Charlotte Fitzgerald, a troubled young thief slumped beside his motel swimming pool from a near-lethal dose of morphine-infused cough syrup. Charlotte is also traveling under a false identitythat of her twin sister who has paranoid schizophrenia, Michaela, nicknamed "Mike"and has fled her home in North Carolina.  Arthur and Mike become traveling companions and eventual lovers on their way to Indiana. Mike thinks up a game in which they spot interesting-looking couples, break into their homes, dress up in their clothes and pretend to be them. Unbeknownst to Arthur, Mike collects a souvenir from each house.  Kevin initiates an unlikely friendship with Mina. Together they struggle to understand the man who skipped out of their lives.  While Arthur has fallen in love with Mike, they have only had sex when in the identities they have undertaken during each game. As Mike and Arthur, they sleep in separate beds, but they have highly personal conversations as their true selvesCharlotte and Wallace.  Before they reach Terre Haute, Arthur asks Mike to stay there with him as they live their new lives together. Mike is distressed over Arthur's proposal, later revealing that she is afraid of ending up like her sister and mother, who both have paranoid-schizophrenia. Arthur then comforts her.  Mike and Arthur dress up as they reach Terre Haute Country Club to meet owner Chuck Willoughby. Chuck begins praising Arthur's golf skills, but looking for details online, he realizes there is no golf pro named "Arthur Newman". Chuck threatens to call the cops, but then laughs it off and walks away.  The next morning, Arthur awakes to find that Mike, and all his money, are gone. He decides not to vacate the room because he has nothing to look forward to. Police soon arrive, inviting him to the police station because Mike was caught. The police informs Arthur that Mike had confessed to stealing his money and ask Arthur whether he would like to press charges. Arthur lies and tells the police that he gave the money to Mike and that he has deep feelings for her. The policeman informs him that she’s a kleptomaniac and shows him the various stolen items. Including “Beauregard Tully’s” wallet. Arthur recognizes the photo as of the man he tried to resuscitate while Mike held his hand as he passed away. Arthur bails Mike out but secretly keeps Beauregard’s wallet. The police release Mike to Arthur's care.  Outside the police station, the two reminisce about the John Doe who convulsed and died at the bus station where Arthur first tried to send Mike away. The wallet that Arthur has taken from the police is of Beauregard Tully, a truck driver who lives in Newport News, Virginia, with his wife, Rosita, and their two sons. Arthur says to Mike that he had followed her into people’s houses, wore their clothes, slept in their beds but never tried to cancel someone’s life, as she had done by stealing the dead man’s wallet, thus disabling his identification upon death.   Arthur and Mike drive to Virginia to inform Rosita and to return Beauregard's belongings.  The role-playing games lose their appeal, revealing that Arthur and Mike are two hearts that have been hurt by life's challenges. They take a deeper look at themselves and the lives they've left behind. Arthur decides to return home to reconnect with his son, and helps Mike realize that she should return to her sister.   The morning after, Wallace drives Charlotte to her hometown, so she can look after her twin sister. Wallace assures Charlotte that he knows where he can find her, then drives off to return to his hometown to reconnect with his son.  The film ends with Charlotte meeting her sister, the real Michaela and Wallace appearing at his son’s house.
A comic book obsessed serial killer Artik teaches his son how to avoid a series of brutal murders until the boy reaches a mysterious man who blocks everything.
Scarlett Marlowe is a young scholar, continuing her dead father's search for the philosopher's stone, a legendary alchemical substance discovered by the alchemist Nicolas Flamel. The reputed stone is allegedly capable of turning base metals into gold or silver and granting eternal life. Scarlett discovers  the "Rose Key" artifact in a cave slated for demolition, but after she sees a vision of her father as a hanged man, the demolition begins and she narrowly escapes.  Scarlett travels to Paris. She enlists her former lover George and her cameraman Benji. Using codes from the key, they solve a riddle on Flamel's headstone and get coordinates pointing to the Catacombs of Paris. Scarlett tries to reach the location on an official tour, but it is off-limits. A stranger tells them a guide called Papillon will help them if they find him at a nearby club. Scarlett recruits Papillon, his girlfriend Souxie and his friend Zed.  Papillon takes the group to an off-limits entrance. George initially refuses to enter, but when a policeman confronts them, the group escapes into the caves. They encounter singing female cultists, including a woman they saw at the club (Representing condemned souls and angels of the First Vestibule of Hell). The group finds a blocked tunnel, Scarlett removes a brick unsealing the tunnel, but Papillon explains people who go through that tunnel disappear. His friend La Taupe (i.e. "The Mole") is among the missing. As the group takes an alternate route through a narrow tunnel, it collapses behind them, and they inexplicably find themselves in front of the same blocked tunnel with no choice but to break through.  Inside, the group encounters La Taupe, a condemned ghost trapped within the purgatorial  catacombs. He tells them going further down is the only way out. They eventually find a tomb with a preserved Templar Knight, a mound of treasure, and the Flamel Stone. After they take the stone, attempting to take the treasure triggers a trap and collapses the room. La Taupe seems lost under the rubble.  Using the Flamel Stone, Scarlett is able to supernaturally heal a wound on Souxie's arm. They find a drawing of a door on the ceiling along with a Gnostic Star of David, symbolizing "As above, so below", which reveals a hidden opening in the floor. Going through, they find a tunnel marked with the phrase "Abandon all hope, ye who enter here" in Greek, identical to the script on the entrance to Hell in Dante's Inferno.  On the other side of the tunnel, the group finds an upside-down reflection of the room they just left, where somehow La Taupe is waiting. He kills Souxie and disappears. Deeper in, the cultist from the club pushes Benji to his death. Papillon is then sucked into a burning car by an apparition of a man who looks just like the stranger who told Scarlett to find Papillon. The car implodes and buries Papillon in the floor. Scarlett, George, and Zed move on and see apparitions of terrifying spirits and demons. Statues in the wall come to life, and one rips open George's throat. Scarlett tries to heal the wound with the Flamel Stone, but cannot. She realizes she had stolen a false stone, and must return it to its original place to find the real stone and heal George.  Scarlett races back, finding the terrain is now flooded with blood and covered in biting faces. When she returns the stone, she sees a mirror and realizes the true power of the Flamel Stone is within her. As she returns to George and Zed, she sees the same hanged man that she saw in Iran, and recognizes him as her father. She apologizes for ignoring his phone call shortly before he committed suicide, and her father vanishes. Scarlett then returns to George, healing him with a kiss.   Chased by demons, the three survivors are cornered in front of a dark hole. Scarlett explains that they must jump in and confess their past sins to escape alive. George confesses that he failed to save his brother from drowning, and Zed confesses that he has a bastard child he has refused to claim. They jump into the hole and miraculously survive. They find a manhole at the bottom, which delivers them right side up to the streets of Paris. Scarlett and George hold each other while Zed walks away, finally safe.   In an ending log, Scarlett says that she never ventured to seek or obtain any material treasure, only the truth.
Lucy is a self-confessed tomboy who gets on well with her father Chuck, but is frequently separated from him for months on end when he works in Canada. Her relationship with her mother Lainee is easy-going provided she keeps the house tidy. Lucy is even allowed to drive her mother's car, even though she is too young to apply for a license. When her father comes back, which is only three times a year, Lucy says that she skips a whole week of school and that Lainee lies to Chuck about not having a job and stays home. Chuck appears to be what Lucy calls an "old-fashioned" man because he wants to provide for the family and therefore looks down upon Lainee having a job.  After a run in with Scott Booker, who is annoying Lucy's best friend Kenny, Lucy kisses Scott in return for him not beating up Kenny. Lucy becomes upset with herself after Scott says she is a bad kisser and wished that he hadn't been her first kiss. Kenny then says that memories are "malleable," so Lucy could pretend that her first kiss was Kenny and then she would slowly start to think that was true. Lucy decides that the only way she could believe this is if Kenny does kiss her, resulting in a friends-with-benefits type relationship. Meanwhile, Lainee begins to have a wandering eye for a speaker that comes in to talk to Lainee's workplace. Lainee eventually sleeps with him and comes home at 5:00 a.m., with Lucy still up and realizing what her mother has done. Chuck then comes home unexpectedly and Lucy outs Lainee's job to her father in order to make sure he doesn't find out about her mother's infidelity. She also reveals that she kissed two boys while her father was gone.  After her mother and father start arguing, Lucy becomes upset with herself and runs off to Kenny's house. He is still asleep and she wakes him up by crawling through his window and eventually they have sex in Kenny's bed. Lucy freaks out and runs out of Kenny's front door, passing his mother on the way. Lucy runs home and hears her parents having sex upstairs. Because Kenny and Lucy did not use a condom, Lucy goes to Planned Parenthood where they give her a morning after pill, a box of condoms, and birth control pills. She stuffs this box into her drawers when her father calls her. She goes downstairs to find Kenny waiting for her. Kenny discreetly tells her about the morning-after pill and to his relief, she tells him that she has already taken it. Kenny's mother then calls on the phone and Chuck invites Kenny and his mother to Easter brunch that Sunday. While at lunch, Kenny's mother outs Lucy and Kenny's love affair. Lainee and Chuck become offended, not believing Kenny's mother and saying that she is lying. While Kenny and Lucy are feeding leftovers from their meal to neighborhood dogs, Lucy announces that she doesn't want to have sex again and Kenny agrees.  When Lucy comes home she finds her father has dragged Scott Booker into the house to apologize and verbally abuses him until he does. Lucy starts to see another side of her father that she has never seen before. She starts to realize that her parents' marriage is not as solid as she had imagined. She realizes that her father's extended stays abroad are not typical of other fathers and that her mother does not pine for her father as much as Lucy does. When Kenny moves away, Lucy feels lonely, goes to a party and is raped. She also begins to realize that there is more to her father's extended stays in Canada than she had previously imagined.
Ethan Belfrage (Cary Elwes) is a photojournalist who is separated from his wife. One afternoon he is confronted by two men, Aaron (Frank Whaley) and Jake (Matt Dallas), who proceed to attack and kidnap him. They lock Ethan up and accuse him of being responsible for the death of their cult leader and pastor, who is the father of a third attacker, Helen Kalahan (Andie MacDowell). Helen and Aaron claim that Ethan is one of the three assailants who killed the cult leader. When Ethan tries to contact his neighbor Sarah (Emma Kantor) for help, they then kidnap her as well. Aaron, who has a neo-Nazi tattoo on his neck, hog-ties Sarah and begins questioning her. He asks if she and Ethan are in a relationship but she denies it.  The three attackers begin arguing and Helen angers Aaron by suggesting that he has psychological problems so he kills Sarah by injecting her with drugs. Aaron and Helen continue to torture Ethan until he confesses to murdering the pastor. They then make him write down the details of the pastor's murder but he refuses to cooperate, angering his attackers, who threaten to burn him alive. Ethan tries to delay them by telling them he has information containing details of the murder locked away. Aaron says that if Ethan can't find the information they will kill his daughter.  Based on the proof that was locked away, Helen realizes that Ethan is not responsible for the pastor's death and tells Aaron he must be set free. Furious at the idea of freeing Ethan, Aaron kidnaps Ethan's wife and daughter, holding them hostage. Jake intervenes to stop Aaron from killing the young girl and as such Aaron accidentally shoots him. Ethan is able to untie himself using a knife Helen had given him and kills both Aaron and Helen with Aaron's gun. The film ends with Ethan and his family free from the assailants with the house burning up in flames, and it is revealed that Ethan was responsible for the murder of the pastor after all.
Set in the 1990s, the film opens with a flashback of a battered Mark examining his wounds in the mirror before going off into the woods with his friend Jack, where a gunshot is heard. The narrative is also framed within a police investigation involving interrogations of the main characters regarding the relationship between Jack and Mark.  Months earlier, Jack's single mother, Karen, begins dating a man named Tom, who has a son Jack's age. Jack meets the son, Mark, and the two quickly become inseparable. They also befriend a local girl named Sarah when she defends them after they are assaulted by a group of thugs. The three spend all their time together, and though Mark kisses Sarah during a game of spin the bottle, the threesome is platonic at first.  Tom shows his gun collection to the kids, who practice shooting in a nearby field. Soon after, Karen suggests Tom and Mark move in with her and Jack, and Tom agrees. Jack and Mark begin sharing a room and grow closer, using drugs and navigating adolescence and the tribulations of the 90s, including the suicide of their idol Kurt Cobain.  After Jack reveals to Mark that he's never kissed anyone, Mark volunteers to teach him how, and the two kiss. They later go out to the woods with some of Tom's guns and kill a squirrel. That night, Jack witnesses Tom physically abuse Mark over a trivial incident, which escalates later when he and Jack skip multiple days of school. Tensions between Tom and Karen over the raising of the boys gets worse until Karen discovers that Tom has been planning for Jack to join the Marines without her knowing, which infuriates her. During their argument, Tom walks in on Jack, Mark, and Sarah watching pornography together. Enraged, Tom becomes physically violent with Mark, and moves them both out of Karen's house. This devastates Jack, who is clearly in love with Mark.  Mark leaves the school, leaving Jack and Sarah alone. The two start to date after Sarah is stood up at prom, and together the two encounter Mark hanging out with a group of delinquents. Jack and Sarah break it off when they realize there is only platonic love between them. Mark and Jack later reunite in private, where Mark implies his feelings for Jack, and they kiss passionately.  During the interrogation, the detective attempts to get to the truth of how Mark received a head injury at the skate park. Jack maintains the story that it was a skateboarding accident, and this story is cross-examined by questioning the others, including Sarah, who is threatened with legal trouble to tell the truth about what she saw at the skate park.   In the flashback, Mark and Sarah reveal at the skate park that they have started dating each other. After Sarah walks away, Mark tells Jack that he can't handle the repercussions of their being together. A heartbroken Jack desperately attempts to reason with him, making Mark fall and hit his head on a rock in the scuffle, but Mark is not critically injured. Later, when they are alone together in Mark's room, Mark tells Jack that he doesn't remember what happened, and the two hold each other. Tom observes them through the gap in the door. In the interrogation room, Jack begins to break down emotionally as the detective aggressively accosts him for lying about the skate park, and demands to know what happened in the woods. It is revealed here that Mark is dead.  In the final flashback, Mark shows up at Jack's house with a battered face. While sharing a bottle of cough syrup, Mark rejects Jack's tenderness, and when asked why, he tells Jack that he wishes he were a girl. Jack puts on his mother's makeup and dress to try to seduce him, but Mark continues to rebuff his advances. Equipped with Mark's father's guns, the two go into the woods once more. The disoriented pair wander around the area, until a single gunshot is heard. Jack is seen running out of the woods, screaming for help. In the interrogation room, Jack brokenly asks for a lawyer. The ending is open. It is not clear if Mark shot himself or if Jack shot him.
High-school nerd Ed Wallis (Nat Wolff) enters into a friendship with his neighbor, Ashby (Mickey Rourke), a retired CIA assassin who only has a few months to live. The film is a coming of age/approaching death comedy drama.  Ashby initially tells Ed that he is a retired napkin salesman. Ed realizes he's more than that when he finds multiple passports with Ashby's photo, and cupboards full of weapons.
In 1941, sixteen-year old Lina Vilkas is preparing for art school, first dates and the summer holidays in her hometown of Kaunas in Lithuania. However, her father Kostas Vilkas is involved in the Lithuanian resistance against the Soviet occupation of the Baltic states, forging documents to help people escape Lithuania. One night, Lina along with her mother Elena, younger brother Jonas and friend Andrius are rounded up by the NKVD and deported by train to a gulag in the Altaysky region in Siberia.  Lina and her family endure the harsh conditions during the journey. One of their fellow passengers, a young mother named Ona with an infant, is driven to despair by the death of her daughter, causing her to commit suicide by provoking her captors into shooting her. At the gulag, Commander Komarov offers Lina and her fellow prisoners a reduced sentence of 25 years if they sign a confession. Led by Elena, Lina and Jonas refuse to sign the confession and are subjected to harsher treatment. The gulag inmates are forced to grow crops including potatoes in order to meet their quotas.  Amidst the harsh and bleak surroundings, Lina documents her experiences through her art and notes while experiencing flashbacks of her carefree childhood. She also sends messages in her art in an attempt to contact her father's prison camp to let him know his family is still alive. Lina also develops a romantic relationship with Andrius who smuggles supplies to them. Realizing that Elena can speak Russian, Commander Komarov tries to recruit her as a translator but she refuses to collaborate with the enemy. Komarov later orders Lina to draw a portrait of him but she draws a caricature depicting him as a monster. In retaliation, Komarov burns her drawings and messages.  The NKVD guard Nikolai Kretzsky, an ethnic Ukrainian who is looked down upon by his Russian compatriots, becomes infatuated with Elena. After revealing that her husband Kostas was killed by Soviet forces, he attempts to rape her but Elena rebuffs him. Afterward Kretzsky assaults a Russian guard. Komarov "promotes" him to Commander and reassigns him to lead a new gulag on the island Trofimovsky () in the Laptev Sea. Elena, Lina, and Jonas are reassigned to the Trofimovsky gulag.  Due to the harsh polar conditions and insufficient rations, Elena dies of ill health. Their mother's death compels Lina to demand better rations and warm clothing for the prisoners. To honor Elena's memory, a guilt-ridden Kretzsky grants Lina and Jonas an amnesty before committing suicide. The film ends with the two siblings walking on the beach towards their ship.
Four Asian school girls are drugged and gang raped by a Los Angeles crime syndicate. When one of the girls commits suicide, the other three plot their scheme against the syndicate to avenge her death. They take jobs as strippers in order to acquire $5,000 worth of weapons and get closer to their targets, so that they can go on a murderous revenge rampage.
Katie Kampenfelt, a beautiful, funny, free-spirited, lost soul decides to take a year off before attending college. Her guidance counselor suggests she chronicle her feelings and experiences in a diary or blog.  Katie keeps her anonymous blog, called 'Undiscovered Gyrl', regularly updated with mostly sexual adventures. Initially it's primarily with a 30+ y.o. film guy with a girlfriend, Dan, and with her teenaged boyfriend, Rory. She gets a well-paid job in a book shop with Glen, but her mother makes her quit when her partner discovers through contacts in the police that he is a registered sex offender.   Although aware of Dan's impending move, he goes without saying goodbye or arranging for them to stay in contact. Her one girl friend, Jade, calls her up after being away awhile in Greece, and they go dancing.   Katie gets a new job as a nanny for Paul, a Tufts alum who'd interviewed her for admissions, to look after his newborn. It pays well and includes a car. His wife Margaret shows her everything, and by the end of the week she meets Paul again as he's been away for work.  Five weeks after Dan moved, Katie gets ahold of him with Jade's help. After they have full on intercourse, he reveals he's engaged to Martine. Upset upon returning home, Katie finds Rory waiting for her with her mom and her partner Mark. He confronts her, demanding answers as he's been there for over an hour. When Katie tells Rory she's in love with the older Dan, his rage provokes Mark to throw him out.  On New Year's eve, when Katie is told her mom is engaged, she calls Rory only to find out he's now with Jade. She finally calls to meet up with Joel, a guy who tutored her in high school, for dinner. He is also taking a sabbatical, but for his mental health.   Affie, Katie's father's partner, calls in hysterics in the middle of the night, as he's had a serious fall. Going to the hospital, they are not sure if he'll recover. Sure enough, he dies. Distraught, Katie seeks out Dan and comes face-to-face with Martine and leaves quickly as she's flustered.  When Katie shows Joel a note which Paul gave her, he thinks it is an obvious come on. From stories she tells him about how a neighbor interacted with her when she was six, he says it's obvious she's been molested so he convinces her to see a shrink.  Within a short time, Katie has sex for the last time with Dan, the first time with 43 y.o. Paul, Joel leaves her an angry voicemail and Rory calls her a whore when she tells him she's pregnant. Her narrative begins to turn dark, particularly after the pregnancy. Joel has been hospitalized for trying to end it all. Visiting her dad's, after receiving some of his belongings from Affie, she bursts into uncontrolable sobs.  Katie tells Glenn, her former boss, some of her dark secrets. He tells her the truth about why he was in the sex offender registry. Glenn offers her a place to live and, if she chooses to keep it, to raise her baby as his own. When she gets home, she adds this to her blog, saying that moving out will be the beginning of her adult life, and the right time to stop blogging.  We learn that Katie's real name is Amy Grantham, and that just minutes after that last blog post, she received a short phone call from a blocked number. She left the house in her car a few minutes later, and was never seen again.   We briefly see the real versions of the people that "Katie" had blogged about, many confirming that somebut not allof her sexual escapades had truly happened. It is also revealed that other details had been fictionally improved in her blog, such as her best friend really being a homeless drug addict rather than the well off "Jade" that "Katie" had blogged about, or that the baby's father, while still an older man, worked in a video store rather than being a film school professor.   The film ends with Amy’s mother, Carol Grantham, writing the truth on Amy’s blog and imploring the thousands of readers for any knowledge as to where Amy might be.
In 1973, a group of women are arrested for being involved in an underground abortion network in Chicago. They flashback to four years before.  Patty drops out of school and runs away from home because she is pregnant. Rose successfully convinces Patty to get an abortion, which was illegal at the time.  Donna attempts to become a sex education teacher to replace sister Anne Marie. However, principal Rafferty denies Donna's request, citing the fact that there had been no complaints in the past 40 years she had been working there. Donna sneaks a book about birth control into the library.  Barb reveals her pregnancy, and suggests marrying Tim. Tim suggests an abortion, but decides to marry her instead.  Rose, Patty, and Janice graduate college. Rose and Janice decide to create the Women's Liberation Meeting (also known as the Jane Collective), which becomes very popular. The members of the meeting began searching for abortion doctors and directing pregnant women to them. Janice receives a call which threatens to report the group to the police. Rose breaks up with her fiancée, Bill. Donna is fired from her job after a student reports her. The group of women organize a protest for abortion rights. A police officer asks the group to lay low, and decides not to arrest anybody.  The group learns that Dr. Charlie lied about his medical license and pretended to be a doctor. They realize that Charlie had experience in abortions, and decided to keep him. Charlie teaches Janice how to perform an abortion. Soon after, many of the women also learn how to perform abortions.  The entire group is arrested but they are released on bond shortly afterwards. They gain national attention. Their trials begin. However, they are acquitted and their charges are dismissed due to the Supreme court case Roe v. Wade.
Loveable losers Kate and Chloe (June Diane Raphael and Casey Wilson) are best friends with a not-so-firm grip on reality. The girls have been inseparable ever since tying for dead last at a kiddie beauty pageant as children. Now they are all grown up and living in New York City, where Chloe is a "rising star" dancing in a glass box at a nightclub and Kate is the "CEO" of her own one-woman egg-donor "corporation".  Their past humiliations at the pageant remain long forgotten until they receive an invitation to the pageant's milestone anniversary celebration. With the unpleasant memories flooding back, Kate and Chloe decide to redeem themselves and take a road trip back to their hometown and win the elusive crown.  On the road, they face some hard truths about themselves and each other as they encounter drug addicts, spring breakers, strip club hooligans, a feminist farming collective, and their favorite reality TV star, leading to the girls' homecoming and final reckoning with their past, present and future.
In 1492 Andalusia, during the Granada War, Aguilar de Nerha is accepted into the Assassin Brotherhood and assigned to protect Prince Ahmed de Granada from the Templar Order. In 1986, adolescent Callum "Cal" Lynch finds his mother killed by his father, Joseph, an Assassin. Gunmen led by Alan Rikkin, CEO of the Templars' Abstergo Foundation, arrive to capture Joseph, who persuades his son to escape.  In 2016, Cal is sentenced to death for murdering a pimp, but Abstergo fakes his execution and takes him to their research facility in Madrid. The Templars are after an Apple of Eden, an artifact built by a long-lost civilization. Using the Apple's code, they can control humanity's free will and eliminate violence. Cal is a descendant of Aguilar, the last person confirmed to be in possession of the Apple. Sofia, Alan's daughter and the head scientist, puts Cal in the Animus, a machine which allows him to relive (and the scientists to observe) Aguilar's genetic memories, so that Abstergo can learn the Apple's whereabouts.  In 1492, Aguilar and his partner, María, are deployed to rescue Ahmed, who has been kidnapped by the Templar Grand Master Tomas de Torquemada, to coerce Ahmed's father, Sultan Muhammad XII, to surrender the Apple. Aguilar and María intercept the Templars, but are overpowered and captured by Torquemada's enforcer, Ojeda. Sofia then pulls Cal out of the Animus.  Cal encounters other Assassin descendants held captive at the facility, most of whom are suspicious of him, with the exceptions of Lin, a descendant of 16th-century Chinese Assassin Shao Jun; and Moussa, a descendant of 18th-century Haitian Assassin Baptiste. Cal begins experiencing hallucinations, dubbed "the Bleeding Effect", of both Aguilar and Joseph. During their sessions, Sofia confides in Cal that her mother was likewise murdered by an Assassin, sharing his hatred of the Brotherhood.  Back in the Animus, Aguilar and María are scheduled for execution at an auto da fe but he manages to free them, leading to a rooftop chase in which they escape through a "Leap of Faith". Cal's mind reacts violently to the session and he is temporarily paralyzed. After learning that Joseph is also at the facility, Cal confronts him over his mother's death. Joseph informs Cal that the Bleeding Effect will allow him to gain Aguilar's skills. He also reveals that Cal's mother was an Assassin and chose to die by Joseph's hand rather than be forced into the Animus. Unconvinced, Cal vows to destroy the Assassins by finding the Apple. Meanwhile, Alan is pressed by a Templar Elder, Ellen Kaye, to shut down the multibillion-dollar Animus Project because they have already "won ... people no longer care about their civil liberties ... they're content to follow", leading Sofia to question her father's true intentions.  Reaffirmed by his encounter with Joseph, Cal enters the Animus. Aguilar and María ambush a meeting between Muhammad and Torquemada; they kill Torquemada's men and recover the Apple, but Ojeda captures María. She chooses to die to protect the Apple and stabs herself on Ojeda's blade, allowing Aguilar to kill Ojeda and escape through another Leap; the force of which causes the Animus to malfunction. Aguilar later gives the Apple to Christopher Columbus, who vows to take it to his grave. When Moussa and the modern Assassin prisoners start a riot in order to escape, Alan orders the facility purged. Abstergo security kills Joseph and most of the other prisoners. Cal stands in the Animus chamber and is met with projections of his ancestors, including Aguilar, Arno Dorian, Joseph and his mother, while Sofia glimpses the projection of an Assassin resembling her. Persuaded by his mother, Cal embraces his Assassin heritage and, having fully assimilated Aguilar's abilities, joins Moussa and Lin in escaping the facility.  Having retrieved the Apple from Columbus' burial vault, the Templars convene at a ceremony in their London sanctuary to celebrate their triumph. Inside the sanctuary, a disillusioned Sofia meets Cal, who has come to take the Apple, and she reluctantly allows him to act. Cal retrieves the Apple, killing Alan in the process. As Sofia vows revenge, the Assassins depart, swearing once again to protect the Apple from the Templars.
In the town of Salem, high school senior Lily Colson regularly hangs out with her three best friends, Bex Warren and sisters Em and Sarah Lacey. They go to a party where Bex hooks up with her crush Diamond, while Lily hangs out with her boyfriend Mark, simultaneously texting a man only known as Daddy behind his back. After having sex, Diamond tells Bex to keep their hookup a secret, as Bex is transgender.  Marty, a casual hacker, receives a message from an unknown hacker about Mayor Bartlett, a known anti-gay candidate. He reveals pictures of Bartlett engaging with male escorts and dressing up in women's clothing, which Marty forwards to the entire town. During the press conference in which he is supposed to address the facts, Bartlett publicly commits suicide. Salem High's kindhearted Principal Turrell is the next to be hacked, with pictures of his 6-year-old daughter in the bath making people view him as a pedophile. During a meeting with angry parents, he refuses to resign, intending to set things right for the students and do what is best for the school itself.  As the police question Marty about the hacks, a massive data dump of half the people in Salem is posted. Lily's classmate Grace discovers that her best friend Reagan has sent Grace's nude pictures to her boyfriends and they are now public; Grace strikes Reagan with a baseball bat during her cheerleading practice, rendering her comatose. Daddy is revealed to be Em and Sarah's neighbor Nick Mathers, whom Lily used to babysit for. The lewd pictures and videos that Lily sends to Nick are made public when his information is leaked. As a result, she is exposed and humiliated by Mark, and her parents disown her. As she walks down her street, shunned, homeless, and miserable, she is harassed by a man in a truck who films and harasses her before chasing her with a knife. Eventually, she stuns him with a shovel before going into hiding in Em and Sarah's house.  A week later, most of the town has donned masks and taken up arms to get revenge on those they think have wronged them. Nick, now leading a mob of vigilantes in masks, captures Marty, whom they torture into admitting that Lily's IP address seemed to be the source of the hacks. Before executing Marty, they upload a video of his forced confession. The masked assailants track Lily to Em and Sarah's house, where all four girls are staying, and break in. Their mother, Nance, attempts to keep the marauders at bay, but is killed while Lily and Bex escape. Meanwhile, led by Officer Richter, the mob drags Em and Sarah outside and puts them into a police car. Bex takes out one of the attackers with a nail gun and makes her way out onto the streets to find help, while Lily hides in Nick's house.  Nick at first pretends to help Lily before brandishing a knife, intending to rape her to death for exposing the townspeople's secrets and causing the disintegration of his marriage and family. She manages to incapacitate him and hides in the bathroom, where she discovers Marty's corpse. Nick manages to get inside, but after a brief struggle, Lily finally puts him down with a razor blade. She discovers his large cache of weapons, which she uses to gun Richter down and rescue Sarah and Em from his custody. Meanwhile, Bex is captured by Diamond's best friend, Johnny, who tries to force Diamond to hang her as retribution for his humiliation. Bex convinces him to spare her, so Johnny has him tied up. Lily, Em, and Sarah rescue Bex, eliminating all of Johnny's friends in the process. Johnny surrenders and begs for his life; Bex spares him and frees Diamond. Lily makes a video proclaiming her innocence and urging everyone in Salem to stand up and fight back against their tormentors; she is soon joined by a crowd of victims who are suspected by the mob for wronging them with the hacks.  After the riot, Lily's younger brother Donny, the mastermind behind the hacks, is captured and charged for cyberterrorism, murder, and invasion of privacy. When he asked why he did it by his parents, Donny replies "For the lolz". The Salem High marching band performs Miley Cyrus' "We Can't Stop" through the destroyed town littered with dead bodies and destroyed vehicles.
In the midst of the financial crisis of 2007–2008, a portfolio-manager instructs his employees to neglect the best interests of clients in order to increase company profits.  Meanwhile, Jim Baxford (Dominic Purcell), an armored car driver and former soldier, lives with his wife, Rosie, in New York City. Rosie is in the process of recovering from a near-fatal brain tumor. Their health insurance has reached its limit, and Jim finds that he is unable to afford her treatment. He decides to cash in the pension he earned from serving in the military, but learns that much of it is lost as a result of bad investments on the part of his financial adviser. In addition, he finds himself in a $60,000 lawsuit as a result of bad real-estate investments conducted by his rogue financial adviser.  Jim frequently lunches with a colleague in the armored car business, and two NYPD friends. He borrows $10,000 from the colleague to pay for an attorney to sue his financial adviser, and arranges a meeting with an assistant district attorney to discuss wrongdoings on the part of his financial advisers. However, the attorney he hired claims that he is unable to do anything and the assistant district attorney is unwilling to meet with him. Jim becomes frustrated at the loss of his money and his inability to pay for his wife's treatment and their mortgage. Because of his financial situation, his employer reluctantly fires him, as the company is not willing to trust him with large sums of money.  Rosie feels guilty for the financial strain that her illness has put on Jim and, unable to cope, commits suicide. Jim blames Wall Street financiers for ruining his life. Seeking vengeance, he purchases various firearms and grenades from an arms dealer, and begins a one-man army shooting spree on the Wall Street bosses that lost his money and contributed to the death of his wife. One by one, he kills those that have wronged him. Meeting with his friends at lunch, Jim casually admits to them that he is the Wall Street murderer. The three laugh it off, convinced he's joking.  The climax of the film has Jim staging a one-man assault and infiltration of a high-rise office building to confront and kill Jeremy Stancroft, a ruthless and greedy portfolio manager who is indirectly responsible for Jim's financial situation. Sitting at Jeremy's desk, Jim tells Jeremy why he is targeting him, of his corruption and asks why he should let Jeremy live. Jeremy defends his actions, saying that the famous rich people of history didn't get rich by honest work and that capitalism is a survival of the fittest society, where the "strong survive and the weak die off". Jim shows him a picture of his wife and tells Jeremy he's the reason his wife is dead. Shortly as SWAT begins to approach the office, Jim puts the gun on the table and counts to three. Jeremy grabs the gun when Jim gets to two, bragging about how he "won". Jim accuses him of cheating. Not caring, Jeremy pulls the trigger, only to realize that the gun is empty, for Jim cheated too. Just then, SWAT smashes the window and shoots Jeremy dead. Jim pretends to be an innocent wounded victim, having been shot in the arm by a security guard earlier, and is escorted away by SWAT, who is convinced Stancroft was the perpetrator.  A few minutes later, Jim stands in the lobby of the office building. He watches emergency personnel come and go, having just been treated for the gunshot wound to his arm. He is recognized there by his NYPD lunchmates, who had been called to the scene. Without a word, Jim is led out of the building by his friend to the street, to freedom. The film ends with Jim walking away, voicing over that he intends to continue his killing spree of white-collar businessmen elsewhere.
Zach and Randy are two kids who run a YouTube channel dedicated to exploring their town somewhere in Missouri. However, they don't get as many views as they expect to, due to the fact that their town has nothing interesting going on. Zach is in love with a girl named Kayla, a lacrosse player over at the local high school, but she only regards him as a friend, she is concerned over soon having to study overseas as it means leaving her younger brother Joey since their parents don't have any time for him. During the day, Zach and Randy meet a neighbor, Ms. Bisette, who is concerned about a strange bug moving in an unnatural, synchronized pattern on her apples, they then notice a boy being dragged by his arm by his mother who the boy is screaming to onlookers that this woman is not his mother but is ignored on the basis he is just acting out.  One night, Zach and Randy hear screaming from Ms. Bisette's house, and when they go in, she screams that something bit her. However, the next day Ms. Bisette claims that nothing happened when questioned by Deputy Josh Haywood. Zach and Randy begin to see disturbing events unfold the next day, with the pastor and sheriff acting emotionless. However, Haywood dismisses the claims, telling the two not to cause any more trouble.  Outside, they run into Kayla, who is worried about the erratic behavior of her parents. Their suspicions are confirmed when Zach witnesses a bug running around the attic, with Kayla's mom's body in a hamper. However, Haywood finds nothing during a search the next day. Around that time, Kayla's mom comes, but also displays the same emotionless behavior. With no other choice, Zach, Randy, and Kayla leave, leaving behind Kayla's now clearly distressed younger brother Joey, greatly upsetting Kayla. The three go to Zach's farmhouse, where they see Zach's dad, an amputee, but he oddly gets up from his wheelchair, having been replaced by a copycat. The townspeople surround Zach and Randy and lock them in the farmhouse, putting two ice coolers in front of them. Zach then witnesses his mom being killed and "assimilated" by the bug. Luckily, Zach and Randy escape and with Kayla's help, run to Haywood's RV. By now, Haywood has begun to believe Zach and Randy, having killed his double. The four plan to radio the National Guard and send someone in, but the townspeople swarm the RV.  In the ensuing chaos, Haywood is dragged out of the window and killed, and Randy leads the assimilated away as a distraction while Zach and Kayla run.  Kayla explains that there is a flower shop van that could serve as an escape vehicle. In order to reach it, they display the same emotions as the copies, fooling the doubles. They pass by the burned corpses of the townspeople, and Zach manages to get the keys. However, Kayla witnesses a process in which the kids are coerced by their parents to be bitten and copied. Kayla poses as a copy and finds Joey, but a single tear is seen by a copy and exposes her ruse. Zach is able to grab Kayla, but Joey runs off to a family cabin in the woods (Kayla having instructed him to). In the forest, Zach finds Randy, but it's revealed that Randy was killed and replaced with a copycat, and Kayla and Zach are forced to drown the copy. Zach makes a plan to upload another one of his vlogs to YouTube, hoping to tell the world what is happening. However, since both Zach and Kayla were bitten by the bugs earlier, their copies come to kill them. Zach and Kayla fend off their clones by flooding the room with carbon dioxide (distracting them with images on the monitors), suffocating them, and they are able to upload the vlog onto YouTube.  The two run into the woods into the cabin, where they find Joey staring at the TV screen, having escaped with both Kayla and Joey cuddling each other for comfort as they weep over being orphaned. In a reveal through TV displays, Zach and Kayla watch in horror as feeds from Washington, D.C., Beijing, Agra, Paris, London, New York and Tokyo show copies burning the corpses of dead humans and walking in the same emotionless state as previously seen. Zach, Kayla, and Joey realize their town was among the last to be hit by the copies.  The final scene shows the YouTube video comment section, where it's revealed that multiple people are still alive in different cities of the world, specifically Boston, Nanjing and Prague. However, the state of the Earth is unknown, with the copies now outnumbering the humans.
The film opens with a montage of footage which include greetings from Earth and an interview of the sponsor of the mission. Astronauts Nathan Miller and Michael Forrest are onboard Life One, a spacecraft built by Moffit Industries. They are supposed to be in hibernation for 6 years until they reach Europa, taking a route around Venus, sling-shotting around Earth to gain speed to get to Europa.   Midway through the first leg of their journey, Life One's proximity sensors sound; the ship is impacted and Michael Forrest is awakened. Michael escapes and seals the damaged hibernation and re-entry capsule with Nathan still inside. The habitation module Michael escapes to is leaking oxygen and is quickly repaired. Michael then makes contact with mission control. Aside from damage to the hibernation and re-entry capsule, along with engine control, the ship is intact.  Michael struggles to stay sane in the solitude while attempting to make repairs to Life One in order to fire the engines after swinging around Venus. Without the engines firing, Life One would stay in orbit around Venus. Mission control and Michael keep in regular contact, with Michael giving regular status reports on himself, and mission control giving encouragement and help in repairing the ship. Michael grows more frustrated over time as the repairs prove ineffective during engine tests. During one of the engine tests, the ship suffers a complete power failure. Michael desperately attempts to restore power but slowly loses hope as time progresses, the repairs fail to restore power, and the ship becomes cold. After a hallucination of his fellow astronaut jolts him awake, he makes one final effort to repair the ship which proves successful.  As the ship rounds Venus, Michael dons his space suit and re-enters the damaged hibernation capsule for the first time since the accident. He looks out of the window in awe at the sight of Venus' atmosphere below him. After passing Venus, he successfully ignites the engines and is two years away from Earth. On arriving at Earth he only has to reignite the engines to slow the ship down for a re-entry, but chooses not to. He instead chooses to slingshot past Earth per the original mission, and go to Europa, stating "Someone's supposed to go, Someone's supposed to see this". The film closes with him addressing Earth, as he ejects the hibernation capsule (along with Nathan) sending it to Earth, then reigniting the engines to take him to Europa.
The film follows a riot squad that enters an insane asylum to try to deal with a hostage situation involving some of the inmates. The group is quickly overwhelmed by the patients, who quickly attack the squad members. The resulting chaos causes the group to lose two of their members and the situation turns more tense when they realize that they are completely cut off from the outside world. Not only are all of the doors locked, but none of their communication devices seem to work properly. It is at this point that they realize that they aren't fighting against normal mental patients, but ones that have been possessed by a dark and evil force. Things take a darker turn when one group member discovers that the leader of this group is his own brother.
During 1989 in Washington, George (Rupert Evans), Max (Kenny Doughty) and Ricky (Joseph Kennedy) are in a band, but it is clear that the group is starting to fall apart. Ricky is unreliable, Max is immature and George is becoming distant as he builds a relationship with his girlfriend Lynn (Anna Skellern). In order to make ends meet, the three also work in the cafeteria of an asylum for the criminally insane along with William (Marcus Garvey). George is the head chef and puts effort into preparing high quality food and being courteous to the inmates. The inmates are generally docile due to the pills they take, but one inmate in particular named Harry Green (Richard Brake) creeps George out. One morning after a late-night rock show, an exhausted George has to come in early to work in a torrential downpour.  Many bad omens occur, with the chicken meat still attached to the heads, George cutting himself, and later, he loses his temper at both his bandmates and Harry, who stares menacingly at him. George also thinks that he sees Harry convince a fellow inmate to spit out his pills. Max tells George to take a nap while he prepares dinner. A few hours later, however, an explosion is heard and Max wakes George up to tell him that the power has gone out in the building. Because the exterior doors are electronically locked, everyone is now trapped inside the building. Many of the inmates have already been brought into the dining room for dinner service and the head guard enlists George and William to help escort them back to their cells.  Unknown to those in the kitchen, several other inmates have seized the opportunity to overtake and kill the prison guards and nurses on the other side of the building. George and William succeed in getting the inmates to their cells, but they see that the inmates are growing restless and the locks on all the doors are not working. When they return to the kitchen, they find the head guard has disappeared and Ricky and Max have barricaded themselves in the freezer. Suddenly, several inmates walk into the dining area and begin trying to break into the kitchen. Max, William, and George manage to sneak out of the kitchen after the inmates break in, but Ricky refuses to come with them and remains barricaded in the freezer.  George sees Harry smiling at all of the mayhem, appearing to be the ringleader of the riots. The threesome run around the asylum, finding the head guard decapitated. They eventually make their way to the head guard's office and use the landline phone to call the police, but are told that the police will be unable to respond for at least an hour. Eventually, the prisoners capture Ricky and fatally impale him in front of George, Max, and William. At Harry's urging, the inmates storm the head guard office, although the cooks manage to kill all of the ones who attack however, Max's nose is bitten off in the struggle.  The three flee back to the kitchen, but eventually George is knocked out and Max is captured. When George awakens, he is naked and tied to a table. George is forced to watch as inmates burn Max alive on the stove top. One inmate also begins mutilating George, though eventually George convinces him to leave him alone. George is finally confronted by Harry, who begins to gleefully eat his own fingers. George screams at Harry to end the madness to no avail. George hears police sirens and soon, William leads the police into the kitchen, but Harry has disappeared.  As the medics begin wheeling George out of the asylum, he looks over to see the corpse of Harry, with all his fingers intact, apparently having been killed at the very beginning of the riot. Apparently, George has hallucinated Harry's presence throughout the night. The film jumps ahead to focus on George in a bed while Lynn cries at his side. George has a vacant expression, having seemingly been driven mad by his experience. The camera zooms into George's mind where he is still working in the cafeteria with his bandmates, and the inmates are still on the loose.
An ambitious farmer Henry Whipple discusses with his 20-year-old son Dean about the art of sales. Dean is reluctant to be as ruthless as his father as they offer condolences and also unscrupulously attempt to purchase land during a family funeral. After returning home, Henry rolls out the red carpet for his eldest son Grant, who has left the farm and mentions returning via a postcard, but it appears that he's unlikely to return. As the story progresses, we see that Henry is having an affair with Meredith Crown, his ex-girlfriend from high school, and his ongoing selfish decisions will continue to derail his future. He has created enemies within the genetically modified (GMO) seed-selling business including Jim Johnson—his main competitor—and fails to help those that have helped him by buying cheaper illegal "cleaned" seeds in his search for more money and land.  Dean desires to become a professional race car driver as a means to escape the generations of family farming and his father's neglect (and undesirable sales techniques). He spends much of his spare time training for races and hanging out with his 18-year-old girlfriend Cadence Farrow. She appears to be a typical country girl, but also displays sales savvy to help Henry, as well as being aware of the father and son attraction to pretty gals like Meredith.  During yet another local racing competition which he wins, Dean's aggressive driving causes the crash of Jim Johnson's son, Brad. They fight after the race, further fueling the feud between Henry and Jim. Racing scouts give Dean an opportunity to race at a professional level. He needs $15,000 to compete and his mother Irene supplies it. This causes tension with Henry who is worried about his illegal dealings catching up with him.    Dean falters during his NASCAR opportunity by slowing when pressured by aggressive drivers during the race. He knows his opportunity to leave the farm is now gone and he spirals downwards, drinking and having sex with Meredith Crown, which damages his relationship with Cadence. One night, Dean purposely drives his car into a tree in a field which requires hospitalisation and a long recovery period. Shortly after he's released from the hospital and fully recovers, Dean's father buys him another race car, but he is not interested anymore.  Henry is followed and confronted by Liberty investigators, the company he buys and sells his GMO seeds from. He has been "cleaning" seeds and reusing rather than buying from Liberty. If found guilty, he will likely be bankrupt and lose everything. Meanwhile, Cadence and her friend Andy drop in on Meredith Crown's house after she finds out about Dean's cheating, dishonest behavior and starts throwing rocks at her door and windows. Meredith confronts her and threatens to have her thrown in jail, but Cadence slaps her across the face and angrily states, "Find your own boyfriend, old whore." Upon realizing that Cadence found out about her and Dean's affair, a shocked Meredith decides to cut ties from Henry Whipple and his son for good.  The next morning, Dean finds out about his father's crime from Cadence, who also breaks up with him and tells him that their relationship is over. Devastated over the loss of his girlfriend and shocked at the news of his father's crimes, Dean searches for the informant who contacted Liberty. He wrongly believes it is their major sales opponent, Jim Johnson. He ends up in another altercation with Jim Johnson's son Brad on the side of the road and, after some fighting, he hits Brad with a hammer causing his death. Together with his father they bury Brad and the hammer in a deep well.  Henry finds out the real informant is Larry Brown, the tenant farmer who missed out on the land Henry purchased at the start of the movie. Henry offers Brown a (life tenancy) for free if Brown will "call off" Liberty investigators. Dean's mother is aware something is wrong with Dean and Henry and that they may have been involved in Brad's disappearance. When she confronts Henry, he informs her that he alone was responsible. Dean is listening, realizing his father does truly love him and that he is also permanently indebted to him.  Life goes on with Dean becoming more like his father as they easily outsell their main opposition Jim Johnson, who is a shell of a man after his son's disappearance. Though Dean has helped his father win back some of their clients, he never spoke to Meredith Crown again or dated other girls after his painful breakup with Cadence. Henry almost confesses to Jim about what happened to his missing son, but then falls back into his capitalist persona, letting him know they have retaken some of his clients. Dean's ex-girlfriend Cadence, who was leaving town to establish a new life for herself, bids farewell to Henry Whipple and thanks him for letting her work for him. Irene receives one of several postcards in an ongoing series from her overseas traveling son, suggesting once again he would be home soon. The movie ends with Henry, Dean and Irene Whipple putting on a party at their home for clients and friends with strained smiles on their faces.
Vincent van Gogh seems to always be in artistic and emotional exhaustion. He is occasionally enraptured by his aesthetic responses to the landscapes around Arles; he renders them in oil on canvas or in a sketch pad using his own style of creating his work in a single, rapid sitting. When not in the countryside, he paints inside a yellow room in a yellow house. He begins to contemplate the fleeting nature of some subjects of still life. He also thinks about seasonal flowers and the artistic process which renders a permanent and eternal quality to the representation of flowers on canvas, which does not wilt and wither.  For a while, Vincent's preferred medium becomes a large sketchbook given to him by Madame Ginoux which he begins to fill with renderings of landscapes in pen and ink. He continues to ponder various philosophical and existential questions such as his desire "not to see a landscape but only the eternity behind it", and that "there cannot be such a thing as nature without there also being a meaning to nature". He wishes to devote increasing time to rendering the landscapes. A group of schoolchildren and their teacher mock Vincent and his work and he chases them away. The teacher and her students call him crazy as they run away in fear. On his walk home some boys throw rocks at him. When he chases the boys some townsmen subdue him and report him to the local psychiatric hospital. His brother Theo is called to Arles from Paris, who in turn convinces Paul Gauguin to agree to visit Vincent. Gauguin soon arrives in Arles.  thumb|left|upright|Vincent van Gogh painted Paul Gauguin (Man in a Red Beret) in 1888 in Arles. Currently at the Van Gogh Museum in Amsterdam  Vincent is at first exhilarated by the presence of Gauguin, though things quickly sour. When Gauguin announces that he will soon depart, the news crushes Vincent. He then cuts off a piece of his ear to show Gauguin his artistic allegiance to his work, but Gauguin has already departed. Vincent then gives the piece of his cut ear to a Madame Ginoux's barkeeper, Gaby, who is horrified and reports him to the authorities. He is sent by Doctor Ray to mental asylum in nearby Saint-Rémy-de-Provence. There, he has a conversation with a sympathetic, supervising priest about his art and the nature of God. The priest releases Vincent, who travels to Auvers-sur-Oise since the town authorities in Arles deny him permission to stay.  In his last months, Vincent returns to drawing and painting scenes and landscapes, now in Auvers. While painting in the courtyard of a deserted estate, two teenagers with their hunting weapons see him and begin playing at cowboys-and-Indians. During the horsing around disrupting Vincent's painting, a shot goes off. He is hit by the bullet, and the boys beg him not to tell anyone. The boys then bury Vincent's painting and throw their guns into a river while he returns to Auvers. Doctor Gachet is summoned and questions Vincent about the wound; Vincent states the wound is self-inflicted. Theo is called for from Paris, but finds his brother dead upon arrival. Theo organizes an open-casket funeral for Vincent surrounded by his paintings.  A closing onscreen text states that Vincent died in 1890 at the age of 37 from a bullet wound 30 hours after being shot. His completed sketchbook (a gift to Madame Ginoux) was not discovered until 126 years later in 2016. A mid-credits scene features a narration by Gauguin regarding Vincent's favorite color: yellow.
Edith Martin and her highly strung daughter Audrey, and George Hartman and his unmotivated son Conrad, arrive for a campus tour of the quaint Middleton College led by junior "dingleberry" Justin. When Edith and George wander off, the two bond as they try to reunite with the tour. When they meet the group in the library, Edith and George embarrass their children.  Audrey accuses Edith of not supporting her decision to go to Middleton, and as revenge, Edith lies and says that she and George are taking an exclusive tour of the campus with the university's Dean. Audrey and Conrad are then left alone with the rest of the "cookie cutter" tour, while Edith and George play hooky. The two borrow some bikes to explore the campus. They climb to the top of the belltower, and sneak into an acting class. During an acting exercise, the two emotionally connect.  Meanwhile, Audrey tells Conrad that the reason she wants to attend Middleton is so she can be mentored by Middleton's acclaimed professor Roland Emerson. Conrad says he's keeping his options open. At lunch, Audrey calls the Dean's assistant, and finds out that Edith was lying about the exclusive tour. She then bumps into George and demands to know where her mother is. He tells her that Edith went to the observatory, when she is really having lunch with George in the cafeteria. Edith and George discuss their relationship, unsure of what it is since they are both married.  Audrey and Conrad go to the observatory, finding it locked. In her anger, Audrey insults Conrad, saying he's peaked in life and it's all downhill for him; Conrad walks off. George and Edith then meet film student Daphne, who offers George her computer so he can help out a heart patient. Edith and George then get high with Daphne and her boyfriend Travis, and discuss their relationships with their children.  Audrey and Conrad go to their respective meetings with professors. Audrey has tea with Emerson, while Conrad meets Boneyard Sims, who runs the campus' radio station. Audrey finds out that Emerson is going on a sabbatical, meaning he won't be able to be her advisor should she attend Middleton. Audrey reacts angrily, and Emerson warns her that she might've crossed the line from ambition into obsession. Conrad realizes his interest is in radio.  Edith and George go back to the belltower, where they spend an intimate moment. Conrad apologizes to Audrey for her bad day, and informs her that he could see himself going to Middleton; Audrey tells him she no longer wants to go there. As Edith and George head back to their cars, they emotionally part ways. The two then embrace their children and drive off. Edith tells Audrey that they're going to be okay, and George requests Conrad take the long way home.
Win Garano, an Apache nicknamed "Geronimo", is working for Monique "Money" Lamont in the Boston DA's department. Lamont is running for Governor of Massachusetts using the concept of "at risk" to try to gain votes, saying that everyone is at risk from crime but when she becomes governor it is the criminals who will be at risk. To promote her political campaign she re-opens and assigns Garano to a cold case concerning the murder of a 90-year-old woman 35 years previously, demonstrating to voters that she can clear up old crimes as well as new ones.  Jesus Baptista, a criminal, has recently been acquitted of drug dealing and arson. One evening he goes to Lamont's house and lies in wait for her. At the same time, Garano is visiting his grandmother "Nana", where he sees TV coverage of a press conference called by Lamont, during which she agrees in answer to an aggressive questioner that the investigator on the cold case is called "Geronimo". Upset by this he sends a text to Lamont submitting his resignation but immediately afterwards he receives a text threatening Nana's life unless he drops the case. He changes his mind and calls Lamont to tell her that he wishes to continue the investigation. At this point Baptista snatches Lamont and drags her into the house causing her to drop her mobile. Unable to contact her, Garano drives to her house where a fight ensues, resulting in Baptista being shot dead by Garano. Evidence is discovered that Baptista had apparently been paid to kill Lamont. Facts about the cold case are difficult to find and police corruption is suspected. It then emerges that there is a connection between the murder and the attack on Lamont.  Win and his partner Sykes race against the clock to figure out not only the murder of Vivian Finley but how it connects to Monique’s assault and the suicide of a fireman named Mark Holland.  Win and Sykes question Vivian’s daughter-in-law Kim who confesses to the murder and cover up but something doesn’t sit right with Win. Upon realizing that Kim Finley’s son is none other than Jesse Huber (Win’s former mentor and friend) it becomes a race against the clock to find Jesse before he could hurt Nana.  A shootout occurs and Sykes is killed as Win kills Jesse. The cold case of Vivian Finley is officially solved with her murderer having been killed himself. Win is seen standing at Sykes’ graveside in Knoxville and he begins to cry, a lesson that Jesse taught him a n all it’s irony.
A teenage girl Hannah (Ashley Rickards) is told by her new boyfriend that she can get $500 by playing a game run by an old man living in a trailer. After she wins the game, the old man (Michael Massee) instructs her to go to the crossroads and say her name so that "he" will know whom to take. At home later that night, the girl hears voices in her bedroom before being lifted into the air and thrown against the wall.  A real estate agent Leigh (Catalina Sandino Moreno) is trying to sell the home of Chuck (Dan Roebuck) and Royanna (Jan Broberg). While going over the various details of the couple's property, Leigh mentions that she saw a young girl inside their home. The couple assume that Leigh saw their missing daughter, Charlene, who ran away with her boyfriend several months earlier.  When Leigh goes back to the couple's house she finds "Charlene." Leigh calls Chuck to let him know that she found Charlene; however, Chuck tells Leigh that police found his daughter at a local mall hours ago. Puzzled, Leigh looks at the files from the couple's home and finds an article with "Charlene's" picture in it. Leigh realizes that the girl she had seen was actually Hannah White, a girl who had committed suicide in 1987. Leigh notices Hannah is missing and tries to look for her in the house. She finds Hannah in an empty room staring into a mirror. When Leigh tries to speak with Hannah, she is attacked by some unseen force, falls to the floor, and dies.  The coroner tells Leigh's sister Vera (Naya Rivera) that she died of natural causes. Later in Leigh's home, Vera finds Leigh's files from the couple's house and visits Hannah's old childhood friend. Hannah's friend reveals that Hannah had been pregnant before she died. Many people believed that Hannah had committed suicide because of her pregnancy. However, Hannah's friend insists that Hannah had been a virgin, and that she may have killed herself to stop her supernatural child from being born. Since Hannah had killed herself, the demon that had tried to possess her child instead took over her body until it could find another vessel.  Vera returns to her home, where she is assaulted by a demonic force that throws her through a window to fall two stories. Vera wakes up in a hospital; she has been in a coma for eight months. The doctor tells her she was pregnant when it happened. During her ultrasound, Vera sees a demonic face on the monitor and demands an immediate C-section.  Six years later, Vera visits her daughter, who has been adopted by another woman. Vera tells the girl that she knows who the little girl really is and demands to know why she was chosen. The girl flees. Vera chases her to an abandoned house in the woods and attempts to kill her. Unable to do so, Vera leaves, taking her daughter with her.
Following the mysterious disappearance of an oil rig and a reconnaissance mini-submarine in the Gulf of Mexico, scientist Dr. Margaret Adams initiates the Armada Program, which consists of giant robots designed for deep sea rescue. The three robotspiloted by Red, Tracy and Jimdive nearly 800 fathoms to the sea bed, where they not only discover the mangled remains of the oil rig, but encounter the monster that brought it down. Red pursues the monster, against orders from Admiral Hadley, prompting Hadley to order every naval fleet on the East Coast to converge on the oil rig's site. Red emerges on a beach to warn the bystanders to leave the area; he is suddenly attacked from behind by the monster as their fight takes its toll on the city. An F/A-18 Hornet piloted by Spitfire assists Red in taking the monster down. Red, however, is arrested for disobeying a direct order. He is locked in solitary confinement until he is briefly released by Adm. Hadley and later given a medal of honor for his heroic actions, before serving the rest of his confinement.   Later, Hadley is informed by Sheldon Geise of a top-secret sonar program that discovered the monsters, which are hundreds of millions of years old and lay their eggs on a mixture of crude oil and saltwater. Two eggs have been discovered, one of which hatched into the monster that Red and Spitfire killed. Hadley orders a search for the other egg, but he is too late, as it has already hatched, with the second monster, much bigger than the first, feeding on the corpse of the first monster and destroying a whole naval fleet before wreaking havoc on the city. As the monster attacks the naval base, Tracy and Jim scramble to spring Red out of solitary before they are picked up by Lieutenant Wexler. Meanwhile, Geise informs Hadley that the President has authorized a nuclear strike on the monster, but Hadley defies that decision and orders everyone to evacuate the base. The monster retreats after a Northrop Grumman B-2 Spirit drops a payload on it. Hadley is later informed that another egg has hatched off the Atlantic Coast.   Adams gives the trio special "halo" headbands that neurally link them to their robots, increasing their reflexes by using their direct body movements instead of joysticks. The system's downside is the pilot feeling pain when their robots are damaged. After a crash course on the new system, the trio fly their robots to New York City to battle the monster. Following numerous refusals by Hadley to launch a nuclear strike, Geise orders the USS Virginia to launch a warhead. Red intercepts the missile and jams its frequency, saving the city from a nuclear holocaust. In retaliation, Geise threatens to shut down the robots, but is quickly subdued by Wexler, despite shooting Hadley in the arm. During the battle, Tracy loses consciousness when her neural level goes critical. Jim takes Tracy to safety while Red grabs the warhead and the monster before flying them to the atmosphere. He then kicks the monster into deep space, detonating the warhead in the process and sending him crashing back to Earth. The trio and Hadley celebrate by heading to the local bar for some tequila shots.
The owner of the 20th-century Motor Company has died and his children have taken over, with a new plan to operate the company: that everyone work as hard as he can, but that salaries be "based on need". A lab engineer named John Galt objects and announces, "I'll stop the motor of the world."  Twelve years later, the economy of the United States spirals downward. Shortages have grounded airlines and returned the railroads to dominance; over-regulation has led to financial disaster. Galt seems to be behind the disappearances of corporate executives and other experts. The latest disappearance is that of Dagny Taggart, the executive officer of the largest railroad company, Taggart Transcontinental. She had chased Galt in a private plane and crashed hers.  Dagny has reached Galt's Gulch, and Galt himself rescues her from the crashed plane. She meets several "disappeared" achievers, such as banker Midas Mulligan, who say they quit after coming to believe that government was enslaving them. On the outside, the government develops a classified new weapon called "Project F" and nationalizes the railroads, including Taggart Transcontinental.  The public grows increasingly frustrated with the central planning, comes to view Galt as the solution, and holds rallies calling for him to reform the government. Thompson, the Head of State,Rand deliberately avoided referring to the American "president" so that her novel would not be taken as commentary on specific presidents. offers Galt a job in the government, but Galt rebuffs the offer. Later, the government tortures Galt using the power of "Project F". However, others from the Gulch arrive to free him and they escape back to their refuge as the power grid around New York City begins to collapse.
In 2016, the United States is in a sustained economic depression. Industrial disasters, resource shortages, and gasoline prices at $37 per gallon have made railroads the primary mode of transportation, but even they are in disrepair. After a major accident on the Rio Norte line of the Taggart Transcontinental railroad, CEO James Taggart shirks responsibility. His sister Dagny Taggart, Vice-President in Charge of Operations, defies him by replacing the aging track with new rails made of Rearden Metal, which is claimed to be lighter yet stronger than steel. Dagny meets with its inventor, Hank Rearden, and they negotiate a deal they both admit serves their respective self-interests.  Politician Wesley Mouch—nominally Rearden's lobbyist in Washington, D.C.—is part of a crowd that views heads of industry as persons who must be broken or tamed. James Taggart uses political influence to ensure that Taggart Transcontinental is designated the exclusive railroad for the state of Colorado. Dagny is confronted by Ellis Wyatt, a Colorado oil man angry to be forced to do business with Taggart Transcontinental. Dagny promises him that he will get the service he needs. Dagny encounters former lover Francisco d'Anconia, who presents a façade of a playboy grown bored with the pursuit of money. He reveals that a series of copper mines he built are worthless, costing his investors (including the Taggart railroad) millions.  Rearden lives in a magnificent home with a wife and a brother who are happy to live off his effort, though they overtly disrespect it. Rearden's anniversary gift to his wife Lillian is a bracelet made from the first batch of Rearden Metal, but she considers it a garish symbol of Hank's egotism. At a dinner party, Dagny dares Lillian to exchange it for Dagny's diamond necklace, which she does.  As Dagny and Rearden rebuild the Rio Norte line, talented people quit their jobs and refuse all inducements to stay. Meanwhile, Dr. Robert Stadler of the State Science Institute puts out a report implying that Rearden Metal is dangerous. Taggart Transcontinental stock plummets because of its use of Rearden Metal, and Dagny leaves Taggart Transcontinental temporarily and forms her own company to finish the Rio Norte line. She renames it the John Galt Line, in defiance of the phrase "Who is John Galt?"—which has come to stand for any question to which it is pointless to seek an answer.  A new law forces Rearden to sell most of his businesses, but he retains Rearden Steel for the sake of his metal and to finish the John Galt Line. Despite strong government and union opposition to Rearden Metal, Dagny and Rearden complete the line ahead of schedule and successfully test it on a record-setting run to Wyatt's oil fields in Colorado. At the home of Wyatt, now a close friend, Dagny and Rearden celebrate the success of the line. As Dagny and Rearden continue their celebration into the night by fulfilling their growing sexual attraction, the shadowy figure responsible for the disappearances of prominent people visits Wyatt with an offer for a better society based on personal achievement.  The next morning, Dagny and Rearden begin investigating an abandoned prototype of an advanced motor that could revolutionize the world. They realize the genius of the motor's creator and try to track him down. Dagny finds Dr. Hugh Akston, working as a cook at a diner, but he is not willing to reveal the identity of the inventor; Akston knows whom Dagny is seeking and says she will never find him, though he may find her.  Another new law limits rail freight and levies a special tax on Colorado. It is the final straw for Ellis Wyatt. When Dagny hears that Wyatt's oil fields are on fire, she rushes to the scene of the fire where she finds a handwritten sign nailed to the wall that reads "I am leaving it as I found it. Take over. It's yours."  Wyatt declares in an answering machine message that he is "on strike".
Dagny Taggart pilots an airplane in pursuit of another plane. Dagny asks herself, "Who is John Galt?" before apparently crashing into a mountainside.  Nine months earlier, Dagny is trying to understand the abandoned prototype of an advanced motor she and her lover Hank Rearden have found. Scientists across the country have been disappearing under mysterious circumstances, but Dagny is able to locate Quentin Daniels, who agrees to help from an abandoned laboratory in Utah.  Dagny's brother James Taggart, president of the family railroad company, meets store clerk Cherryl Brooks and brings her to see a renowned pianist, who disappears during his performance, leaving a note asking, "Who is John Galt?" Later, at James and Cherryl's wedding, Dagny's friend Francisco d'Anconia argues with other guests about whether money is evil, and secretly informs Rearden about devastating explosions at his copper mine—the next day. Rearden spends the night with Dagny. Later, he is confronted about the affair by his wife Lillian, but when he offers a divorce she declines, in order to maintain her position in society.  Rearden sells his advanced Rearden Metal to Ken Danagger's coal mining company, but refuses to sell it to the federal government, in defiance of the newly enacted "Fair Share" law that forces businesses to sell to all buyers. The two are charged under the law. Dagny barges into Danagger's office, realizes that he too is about to disappear, and understands that she is close to understanding the force behind the disappearances. At trial, Rearden defends individual freedom and the pursuit of profit, and is given only a token penalty by the court, which fears turning him into a martyr. The government announces "Directive 10-289", which freezes employment and production and requires that all patents be gifted to the government. Rearden defies this decree as well, but relents when he is blackmailed with photos of himself and Dagny that would damage Dagny's reputation.  When Dagny hears about Rearden's "gift" and her brother's complicity, she quits the railroad. During her absence, a Taggart Transcontinental train collides with a military train in a tunnel, due largely to political pressure by a passenger and human error by Dagny's poorly trained replacement. This impels Dagny back to her job. D'Anconia tries to dissuade her from returning, as he had earlier tried to talk Rearden into leaving his business, but she returns anyway.  Dagny takes a train to Colorado to show her faith in the railway, but its engine fails. The repair technician used to work for 20th Century Motor Company, which produced the motor Dagny found. He tells Dagny how the need-based reward system in his company failed, and his coworker John Galt left the company vowing to "stop the motor of the world". Dagny calls Daniels, who tells her that he is quitting. Dagny buys a small airplane and flies to Utah to try to dissuade him, but as she is landing, she sees him get into a plane on the airstrip.  After a pursuit in the air—the opening scene of the film—Dagny's plane crashes in a valley hidden by stealth technology. A wounded Dagny Taggart crawls to the edge of her crashed plane, where she is greeted by John Galt.
In November 1989, days before the collapse of the Berlin Wall, MI6 agent James Gascoigne is shot and killed by KGB agent Yuri Bakhtin, who steals The List, a microfilm document concealed in Gascoigne's wristwatch containing the names of every intelligence agent (on both sides) active in Berlin.  A day later, Lorraine Broughton, a top-level MI6 spy, is dispatched to recover The List and is told to keep an eye out for Satchel, an infamous double agent for the KGB. Arriving in Berlin, she encounters two KGB agents speaking English and apparently posing as her own MI6 team, who attempt to deliver a message from their boss, Aleksander Bremovych. She overpowers them and manages to escape unharmed by crashing their car and is immediately picked up by her real contact, maverick MI6 station head David Percival. Percival is addicted to the Bohemian lifestyle he has been leading on both sides of the wall. Resentful of Lorraine and the implied supervision from London she brings, he seems unwilling to cooperate with her. Lorraine searches Gascoigne's apartment and discovers a picture of him and Percival. Percival had previously denied knowing Gascoigne, so she suspects Percival was behind the West Berlin police ambushing her while she searched Gascoigne's apartment. When Lorraine visits a restaurant mentioned by the KGB agents she encounters Bremovych, but is "saved" by Delphine Lasalle, a novice French agent. Although Lorraine is initially suspicious of Lasalle, they eventually enter into a sexual relationship. Lasalle suggests that they should work together.  Percival, having tailed Lorraine, surveils a watchmaker she visited. He spots Bakhtin entering the same shop. Bakhtin tells the watchmaker he has a watch full of secrets he will sell to the highest bidder. CIA agent Emmett Kurzfeld meets with Lorraine in Berlin, handing her a newspaper containing a number which, when called, informs her Satchel has been compromised. Percival lures Bakhtin to an alley, kills him, and takes the wristwatch from which he discovers who Satchel is. Ignoring that Percival has The List, Lorraine learns that the Stasi officer codenamed Spyglass, who gave The List to Gascoigne, also memorized the names on it. She and Percival make plans to escort him across the border to West Berlin. Percival meets with Bremovych, who suspects Percival has The List, but Percival offers only the second best thing—the identity and operations details of Satchel "to keep the balance", also tipping him off about the plan to extricate Spyglass. Lasalle covertly photographs the meeting.  During the extrication of Spyglass, Percival secretly shoots him when the KGB agents are unable to. Lorraine battles multiple KGB agents while rescuing the wounded Spyglass, who drowns when their car is pushed into a river by the KGB agent whose car Lorraine crashed when she arrived in Berlin. Lorraine makes it to West Berlin and realizes Percival has planted a bug in her coat. She tells Lasalle, who calls Percival and threatens him with her knowledge of his Bremovych meeting. Percival goes to Lasalle's apartment and kills her, fleeing as Lorraine arrives moments later. Lorraine discovers the photographs taken by Lasalle and realizes Percival has read The List. Percival burns his safehouse and attempts to flee, but Lorraine arrives, kills him, avenging Lasalle, and takes The List.  Later, Lorraine is brought in to be debriefed by MI6 executive Eric Gray and Kurzfeld. While there, she discovers Percival had told Gray he had The List and he was "very close to Satchel". She presents Lasalle's photographs and doctored audio recordings, which paint Percival as Satchel. She denies knowing The List's whereabouts, leaving MI6 no choice but to close the case.  Three days later in Paris, Lorraine, now speaking in Russian, meets with Bremovych, who addresses her as "Comrade Satchel". Bremovych, having learned from Percival there is more to Satchel than he had previously known, orders his men to kill her. Lorraine kills his henchmen. Then, speaking with an American accent, she tells Bremovych she always fed him misinformation to manipulate the KGB. Then she kills him. She and Kurzfeld return to America with The List. In their conversation, it is implied Lorraine is actually a triple agent and had been working for the CIA all along.
In the near future, the clash between oil and green energy conglomerates results in skyrocketing energy prices and global riots. Amidst this chaos, the corporation Auxilisun develops the tri-fission reactor, a device that not only produces abundant nuclear energy through atomic fission, but also converts nuclear waste into additional clean energy. The tri-fission reactor renders all other forms of energy production obsolete, and Auxilisun power plants are built around the world, providing an inexhaustible supply of cheap energy for all.  Decades later, on Christmas Day, Auxilisun technician Abby travels to Gibson Desert North, the flagship Auxilisun plant built over a nuclear waste storage facility deep within a radioactive "red zone", to restore a broken communications relay. She finds the plant poorly-maintained and seemingly deserted, with no sign of caretakers Dr. Zek and Robinson, but the latter appears brandishing a golf club and demands that she identify herself. He calms down when she complies, but when asked about Zek, he vaguely replies that the doctor is somewhere outside the plant conducting a survey.  As Abby attempts to repair the communications relay and Zek remains absent, she gradually discovers more serious problems affecting the plant's performance and becomes suspicious of the oddly-behaving Robinson, who displays a considerable ignorance of the workings of the machines he supposedly maintains. Abby eventually tracks Zek down in the red zone, but finds him unconscious. When she returns to the plant with Zek in tow, Robinson initially refuses them entry, but soon relents and explains he was following contamination protocol. Robinson also reveals that Zek had experienced a nervous breakdown on the night he left. With Zek moved to the medical bay to recover, a new crisis emerges: one of the plant's two main ventilation fans, ostensibly designed to function flawlessly for thousands of years, inexplicably fails, and volatile gases begin building up in the facility. Abby concludes that the fan had been sabotaged by a crazed Zek before her arrival, and handcuffs him to his bed.  Zek finally awakes, and despite treating Robinson with familiarity, he informs Abby that Robinson is an impostor. Days ago, the real Robinson had disappeared and Zek had gone out in search of him, but was knocked out by an unseen assailant, likely the impostor. Somehow, the false Robinson had made it past the red zone and was posing as Robinson for unknown reasons. Zek urges Abby to send a distress signal to Auxilisun HQ, but with comms still down, she has to venture back outside the plant and build a makeshift array while Robinson is occupied.  That night, as Abby tries to slip out of the plant with Zek to send the signal, Robinson catches them and angrily demands Zek tell Abby the truth about Gibson Desert North. Zek fends Robinson off and locks him and Abby in the medical bay. Robinson explains to Abby that Zek had rigged the entire plant into a bomb. As they search the plant separately for Zek, Abby discovers the real Robinson's body in a locker and realizes Zek had not lied. After Robinson incapacitates Zek, Abby turns against Robinson, but the latter overpowers her and amputates one of her fingers to unlock Deep Burial, the facility's nuclear waste repository. Abby confronts Zek with her findings that Gibson Desert North had been decaying for years despite Auxilisun's public assurances that the technology was failsafe, and that the red zone had expanded hundreds of miles into a town called Barrow Creek and was killing the residents. Zek confirms that Barrow Creek was being covered up to avoid a public relations disaster, as too much of the world was dependent on Auxilisun to allow its technology to be called into question. Disgusted, Abby leaves him to escape the plant on his own.  At Deep Burial, Abby corners Robinson, who unmasks himself as the sole survivor of Barrow Creek. Since he had already been fatally irradiated, he had walked through the red zone to Gibson Desert North to destroy it and avenge the death of his family. Robinson then ignites Deep Burial, setting off a catastrophic chain reaction. Abby makes it out of the imploding facility, but when the only transport craft leaves her stranded, she removes her protective suit's helmet and allows herself to succumb to the radiation. Sometime later, presumed Auxilisun employees secure evidence of the disaster, including Abby's corpse and the datapad containing her personal logs.
Cassie Stratford is a plain science nerd, whose mother was captain of the cheer squad at Iron Coast University and president of Zeta Mu Sorority, so she is pressured to join both cheerleading and the sorority. However, Brittany Andrews, current Zeta President and Cheer Captain rejects her.  Cassie works in the Biology Building of the University, where she and her friend Kyle are working on a drug that turns things beautiful. In the night, Cassie steals the drug and injects herself with it. While she does become beautiful and makes the cheer squad when one of the cheerleaders is injured, she then discovers the drug has a side effect when she starts to grow taller and taller until she is a giantess.  Brittany discovers this and tries to seduce Kyle into telling her the secret, which leads to her being accidentally injected with more of the drug than Cassie and also growing into a giantess. Brittany makes her way to the stadium.  Brittany enters the stadium where Cassie confronts Brittany which leads to a catfight, Cassie wins the fight by injecting Brittany with a drug overdose of the antidote before knocking her out. Kyle then injects Cassie with the antidote and she is returned to normal. While Cassie and Kyle kiss, Brittany is shrunken to dwarf size due to the overdose and is made fun of by her fellow cheerleading squad.
On Guy Fawkes Night, trainee nurse Samantha Adams is mugged by a gang of teenage hoodlums: Pest, Dennis, Jerome, Biggz and leader Moses. When a meteorite falls from the sky into a nearby car, Samantha escapes. As Moses searches the wreck of the car for valuables, his face is scratched by a dog-sized alien creature. The creature runs away, but the gang chase and kill it. Hoping to gain fame and fortune, they take the dead animal to their acquaintance, cannabis dealer Ron and his boss Hi-Hatz, a local gang leader, who instead recruits Moses to work for him.  More objects fall from the sky. Eager to fight the creatures, the gang arm themselves and go to the nearest crash site, where they find one dead alien, but other living aliens. However, they find these aliens are much larger and more threatening. After one kills Dennis’s pet pitbull Pogo, the gang flee but are intercepted by two policemen accompanying Samantha, and Moses is arrested. The aliens follow Moses and maul the unarmed officers to death, leaving Samantha and Moses trapped inside a van. Dennis reaches the vehicle and drives it away, only to crash into Hi-Hatz's car when they pass through a nearby building’s parking space. Samantha runs away while the rest of Moses's gang catch up and confront Hi-Hatz and his henchman, who accuse Moses of trying to kill Hi-Hatz in order to replace him as the local druglord. An alien arrives and kills the henchman but is killed in turn by Hi-Hatz.  The gang try to flee to Wyndham Tower, a tower block, but are attacked outside by the aliens; Biggz is forced to hide in a skip, though he is later saved by a pair of their young neighbors who manage to kill the alien. Meanwhile, Pest is bitten in the leg by an alien who breaks into their building. They discover that Samantha also lives in their building and persuade her to treat Pest's leg. An alien bursts into her apartment and Moses kills it with a samurai sword. Realizing that the group was not lying about the creatures being extraterrestrial, Samantha joins them.  The gang moves upstairs to the flat owned by Tia, Dimples, Dionna and Gloria, believing that their security gate will keep them safe. Two aliens instead attack from outside, smashing through the windows and decapitating Dennis. Samantha kills an alien, saving Moses in the process, while Tia and Dimples manage to kill the other one by ganging up on it. The girls believe the boys to be the focus of the creatures and kick them out of the flat. Hi-Hatz and two more henchmen arrive and attack the gang, blaming them for the death of the first henchman, but another alien arrives and chases Hi-Hatz and the henchmen into a lift; only Hi-Hatz makes it out alive.  Making their way upstairs to Ron's weed room, the gang runs into more aliens, but using fireworks as a distraction, they manage to get through. Jerome becomes disoriented in the smoke and is killed by an alien. Entering Ron's flat, they find that Hi-Hatz is waiting for them there, who prepares to shoot Moses but he is then suddenly attacked and killed by the rest of the aliens who break in through the window. The group flee and are joined by Brewis, one of Ron's customers and a zoology student. Moses, Pest and Samantha retreat into the weed room, while Ron hides in the flat.  In the weed room, Brewis notices a luminescent stain on Moses' jacket under the ultraviolet light. Brewis theorises that the aliens are like spores, drifting through space on solar winds until they chance on a habitable planet; after landing in an area with enough food, the female lets off a strong pheromone to attract the male creatures so that they can mate and propagate their species; Moses has been carrying scent since he and the others killed the female which is how the males have always been able to find them. Moses persuades Pest to return Samantha's stolen ring and together they form a plan. As Samantha has not been stained with the alien pheromone she can to go to Moses's flat and turn on the gas oven.  Samantha successfully bypasses the aliens and turns on the gas in the flat. She leaves the tower block, and Moses, with the corpse of the small female alien strapped to his back, runs to the gas-filled apartment with all of the big male aliens following him. He throws the corpse into the apartment; with a firework he ignites the room and leaps out of the window. The resulting explosion kills all the aliens but leaves the high-rise flat in flames. Moses survives by grabbing onto a flag hanging from the balcony.  In the aftermath, Moses, Pest, Brewis and Ron are arrested and held responsible by the arriving police for all of the recent deaths around the block that night. The police then ask Samantha to identify Moses and his friends as those who killed everyone, including the two police officers who had arrested Moses earlier. Instead, Samantha says the boys are her neighbours and they protected her. In the back of the police van, Moses and Pest hear the residents of the block cheering for Moses; they both smile.
Haunted by his violent past as a special forces operative, Axe (Steven Seagal) emigrates to Thailand and converts to Buddhism. Ensconced in a village as an acupuncturist and martial arts practitioner, Axe is one day approached by a Mr Yuen (Sonny Chatwiriyachai); Yuen pleads with him to rescue his eldest daughter, Tara (Ting Sue), who has been kidnapped by a trafficking ring led by QMom (Yu Kang). Axe eventually agrees to the job and puts together a team comprising businessman Chen Man (Siu-Wong Fan) and fellow ex-operatives Yinying (Kat Ingkarat), Infidel (Rudy Youngblood), Hollywood (Sergey Badyuk), and Scarecrow (James P. Bennett). At a medical hall in Mong La, Axe is confronted by QMom's righthand man, Black Claw Ma, but swiftly knocks him out. Thereafter, Axe's team raid QMom's nightclub and Chen Man finishes off Black Claw by killing him in an axe and broadsword fight. Axe rescues Tara and kills QMom with a broadsword. The film ends with Axe delivering a soliloquy on the erosion of traditional values and the corruption of Asian martial arts.
The film is the story of two people caught in the routines of work and circles of friends. The days begin with an alarm and ends with the fading sound of a television. Ron Hogan, a 28 year old ATM parts purchaser, and Stacy Ryan, a 27 year old, oddly charming courier, meet through a match making Internet service and go through the routine of falling for one another.
The title designates time and location: an unusually hot August in a rural area outside Pawhuska, Oklahoma. Beverly Weston, an alcoholic, once-noted poet, interviews and hires a young Cheyenne woman, Johnna, as a live-in cook and caregiver for his strong-willed and contentious wife Violet, who has oral cancer and an addiction to narcotics. Shortly after this, he disappears from the house, and Violet calls her sister and daughters for support. Her sister Mattie Fae arrives with her husband Charles Aiken. Violet's middle daughter Ivy is single and the only one living locally; Barbara, her oldest, who has inherited her mother's mean streak, arrives from Colorado with her husband Bill and 14-year-old daughter Jean. Barbara and Bill are separated, but they put up a united front for Violet.  After five days, the sheriff arrives with the news that Beverly took his boat out on the lake and has drowned. Youngest daughter Karen arrives with the latest in a string of boyfriends, Steve Huberbrecht, a sleazy Florida businessman whom she introduces as her fiancé. Mattie Fae and Charles's shy, awkward son "Little Charles" misses the funeral because he overslept and is met at the bus station by his father. Charles loves his son, whereas Mattie Fae constantly belittles him. Ivy confides to her sisters that she is in love with her cousin, Little Charles, who plans to move to New York, and she cannot have children because she had a hysterectomy. She feels this is her only chance to finally marry.  The family sits down to dinner after the funeral; fueled by drugs, Violet insults and embarrasses each person at the table under the guise of "truth-telling", which results in Barbara pouncing on her in a fit of anger. Barbara has had enough of her mother's drug addiction, attacks her, knocks her to the ground, and confiscates all her several kinds of pills. Later, after Violet has had a chance to sober up, she has a tender moment with her daughters and shares a story that demonstrates how cruel her own mother was when she longed for a new pair of cowgirl boots when she was in her early teens. Instead of giving Violet the boots she wanted, her mother gave her a beautifully wrapped box on Christmas morning containing old, filthy men's work boots as a vicious prank.  The next day, when Little Charles sings Ivy a song he has written for her, Mattie Fae walks in and berates him. This exhausts Charles's patience with his wife's lack of love and compassion for her own son, and he threatens to leave her if she keeps it up. Mattie Fae subsequently reveals to Barbara, who unintentionally listened in, that long ago she had an affair with Beverly, and Little Charles is in fact their younger half-brother as well as their cousin and that is the true reason why he and Ivy cannot be together.  That evening, Steve and Jean are sharing a joint. Steve comes on to Jean, gets her stoned, asks her to show him her breasts, and starts to assault her. Johnna is woken by their conversation, sees this, and attacks him with a shovel. The commotion wakes up Barbara, Bill, and Karen who rush outside. Barbara confronts Jean and slaps her. This compels Bill to take Jean back to Colorado, leaving Barbara. Karen refuses to admit that her relationship is doomed and also leaves with Steve.  Later, Ivy tries to tell her mother about her relationship with Little Charles. Barbara tries to deflect the admission to protect Ivy from the truth. Violet tells Ivy that Charles is actually her brother, something Violet knew all along. Devastated, Ivy leaves and promises to never come back. In the last confrontation between Violet and Barbara, Violet admits she was contacted by Beverly from his motel the week after he had left home but did nothing to help him until after she removed money from the couple's joint safe deposit box. By that time, he had already killed himself. This revelation leads Barbara to depart, realizing that her mother is far beyond help. Violet is left with only Johnna. Violet begins dancing to loud music but quickly becomes too upset and goes off to find Johnna for comfort.  Barbara, driving through the plains, gets out of the car and cries. She then gets back in the car and continues west, following signage showing highways and number of miles to Wichita, Salina, and Denver.
The film is set in the town of Ventanas in the Valparaíso Region of Chile. Sofia (Amparo Noguera) is a local teacher going through the process of adopting a child when she reads in the news about a dead baby found in the local dump. Sofia becomes obsessed with the fate of the dead girl who she called "Aurora". The baby has no legal right to have a name or be buried, so Sofia initiates a legal process that becomes an intimate journey of personal transformation, with devastating consequences on her life.Aurara at Forastero  retrieved on November 03, 2014  The film is based on the life of Bernarda Gallardo.
Jane Hayes, an American woman obsessed with Jane Austen – especially Colin Firth's portrayal of Mr. Darcy in the 1995 BBC adaptation of Pride and Prejudice – spends her entire savings on a trip to a Jane Austen-themed resort in England. At "Austenland", guests receive pseudonyms and period costumes, living as ladies of the Regency era. The highlight of the resort is guaranteed romance with the male actors, though no touching is allowed.  While Jane can only afford the cheapest "copper" package, the other guests have purchased the most expensive "platinum" option. Although she befriends fellow guest Ms. “Elizabeth Charming”, Jane is treated with disdain by the manager, Mrs. Wattlesbrook, who prefers the wealthier guests.  Jane and Elizabeth meet their actor-companions – the obsequious Colonel Andrews and the unenthusiastic Mr. Henry Nobley, Mrs. Wattlesbrook's nephew – and "Lady Amelia Heartwright", another guest. Amelia and Elizabeth flirt openly with Nobley, who is reserved and Jane finds disagreeable. (Their argument mirrors the first meeting of Elizabeth Bennet and Mr. Darcy in Pride and Prejudice).  Martin, the resort's chauffeur/stablehand, flirts with Jane. Jealous, Nobley rescues her from walking in the rain. She visits Martin at his quarters; after more flirting and witnessing the birth of a foal, they kiss, and spend the following afternoon together. When another actor, the muscular Captain George East, arrives and flirts with Jane, Martin rebuffs her for "parading around" with the actors. She asks if he is breaking up with her, and he replies that they were never "going steady".  Forced to play piano for the group, Jane performs the only song she knows, "Hot in Herre", shocking Mrs. Wattlesbrook. On her way to find Martin, Jane is stopped by Nobley, who warns against "cavorting with the servants". Returning to the house, Jane fights off a drunken Mr. Wattlesbrook.  Determined to find love by the end of her stay, Jane takes charge of her "story". Elizabeth helps her steal some of Amelia's costumes, and Jane charms the group with her new-found confidence. Mrs. Wattlesbrook discovers Jane's contraband cell phone and prepares to evict her, but Amelia lies to save her. In exchange, Amelia blackmails Jane into helping her and East be alone together.  The party rehearses a play (mirroring what the characters did in Mansfield Park), and Jane pairs herself with Nobley to allow Amelia time with East. Jane and Nobley bond, and Martin attempts to apologize to her. After the disastrous play, Jane and Nobley sneak off to her room, where he requests a dance during the final ball.  At the ball, Nobley confesses his love to Jane. Disillusioned after watching the other actors fulfill their guests' fantasies with fake proclamations of love, she declares that she would rather have something real and leaves, spending the evening with Martin.  Departing Austenland, Jane discovers that Amelia is American, and that Nobley had asked Amelia to pretend Jane's phone was hers to prevent Jane being sent away. Mrs. Wattlesbrook reveals that the actor assigned to Jane was not Nobley, but Martin – whose romance with Jane was fully scripted. Angry at being duped and certain she is not the only guest assaulted by Mr. Wattlesbrook, Jane threatens to sue Mrs. Wattlesbrook and shut down Austenland.  Martin is sent to the airport to smooth things over with Jane, but Nobley appears, asserting that his own affections were genuine, but Jane dismisses them both. When Nobley tries again to express his feelings, Jane thanks him for being "perfect" and leaves.  Back home, Jane clears out her Darcy collection. Nobley arrives, having traveled across the Atlantic to return her sketchpad. He explains that his name truly is Henry Nobley, he is a history professor who simply wanted to experience the Austen era, and that he does love her. Jane finally believes him and they kiss.  A mid-credits scene reveals that Elizabeth has bought Austenland and turned it into a theme park, assisted by Colonel Andrews. Mr. Wattlesbrook now works as a garbage picker, Captain East does a strip show to Amelia's delight, Martin is snubbed by the guests, and Jane and Nobley are still very much in love.
The story follows David (Guy Kent), an introverted American photographer adrift in remote Iceland while on assignment. When he gets caught in a local investigation after discovering a deserted body washed ashore, David is temporarily bound to a place he doesn't call home and he acquaints himself with the few inhabitants in the area, among them Marie (Marta Gastini), an Italian woman whose shiftiness betrays not only her beautiful face but her Icelandic husband Jóhann (Sveinn Ólafur Gunnarsson) and his own unruffled demeanor. As days pass, David's fascination with the couple intensifies and he slowly begins to find himself entangled in their mysterious lives."Freestyle Falls For ‘Autumn Lights’; First Trailer For U.S-Icelandic Mystery" Deadline.com, July 2016
Ava and her mother Faye both have a pernicious disease that will one day take their lives. They are also mutually joined together by an unconditional love for one another, a passion for the arts, and a belief that magic does exist. Ava moved back into her mother's house three years ago to care for her, and ever since then, she has witnessed the deterioration of her mother's health and all she can really do is try to keep her mother from becoming depressed and devitalized. But one day, Faye makes a shocking announcement that propels Ava into a tailspin. When rare guests start to arrive and unexpected events start to happen, Ava is unable to deal with reality. She cries herself to sleep in her mother's arms and escapes to a dream world filled with old friends and long forgotten desires.
A priest (John Ventimiglia) successfully completes an exorcism on Ava (Louisa Krause), who is stunned to find that she has spent the last 28 days possessed by the demon Naphula. She is initially flippant towards her actions during this time, but soon discovers that she caused serious emotional and physical damage, resulting in her losing her job, friends, and boyfriend, as well as potential jail time. Ava's parents (William Sadler and Deborah Rush), sister (Whitney Able), and her sister's fiancée Roger (Zachary Booth) are all concerned for her. Her family pushes her into accepting a plea deal that would spare her jail time or commitment in a  facility for troubled ex-possessed people as long as she attended a rehabilitation program for the recently exorcised, as possessions are seen as a real, common phenomena. The program is led by Tony (Wass Stevens), a gruff man that insists that Ava take the program seriously as to do otherwise would just raise the likelihood that the demon would return, as repossessions will frequently happen. Participants will ultimately be tested by wearing a necklace that invites the demon back into their body. If they can pull the necklace off and reject the demon, they graduate since this shows that they are strong enough to deter future possessions. At one meeting Ava meets Hazel (Annabelle Dexter-Jones), a fellow ex-possessed person that wants her demon to return since she enjoyed its presence and felt that it was "special" for both of them.  While Ava is trying to piece together her missing 28 days she discovers blood stains on her floor. Ava's family is of little help, as Ava gets the impression they are hiding something. Her only clue to the person's identity is an engraved watch that leads her to Ben (Lou Taylor Pucci), who tells her that it belonged to his father. Sure that he is dead as a result of her, Ava lies to Ben about how she found the watch but ends up spending time with Ben. Lonely and confused as to what exactly caused her to become possessed, Ava agrees to help Hazel's demon return via a ritual, which results in Hazel getting committed. The ritual also leaves a tattoo on her neck, which Tony discovers. He throws her out of the program, as the tattoo makes it easy for the demon to return. Ava's family chooses to commit her but Ava manages to gain a lead on Ben's father via a prostitute. The prostitute is murdered before she can tell Ava anything. She is then recaptured and is put in a car with Roger, who is to take her to the asylum. However instead of taking her to the facility Roger instead tries to kiss her and reveals that he murdered the prostitute in order to keep her from telling anyone that he had visited her. She then discovers that while she did kill Ben's father, he was only in the apartment because he was a hitman that Roger had hired to murder her, as Ava had seen Roger with the prostitute and then joined the two of them for a sexual encounter. Roger drives Ava to Tony's now empty classroom, where he forces her to put on the necklace and bring back the demon, as he believes the two of them had a connection. While she’s possessed, Roger confesses his crimes in front of the facility's security cameras. Ava is able to control the demon and use its abilities to capture Roger. She then rips the necklace off.  The film ends with Ava rebuilding her life and working with Tony in the facility office. She soon begins to sense that the demon is near and accidentally causes some boxes to fall, revealing some old files on former possessed people. She discovers that her mother had also previously been possessed by the same demon, hinting that their bloodline is predisposed to possessions. Ava then recalls finding a tattoo similar to the one she received during the ritual, making her realize that her sister had deliberately sent the demon into her in order to avoid getting possessed herself. Furious, Ava begins screaming and the office door swings open, showing the shadow of Ava's demon.
In a small town alongside a mountain, spring break is approaching. One of the residents, Wade, attempts to search for his brother, Shredder who went missing along with his friend, Hucker, while skiing on the mountain. On the night after his brother's disappearance, he and his girlfriend Madison attempt to get ski patrolman Dale to send out a search and rescue party, although to no avail. An old man named Duffy soon appears at the party, and exclaims that they're all going to die, claiming to have seen sharks in the snow earlier, although Dale gets rid of him. Minutes later, a teenager named Ross heads into the woods, and is killed by a shark.  The next day, Wade and Madison go onto the mountain to search for the missing persons, while Ross' cousin Carol also goes onto the mountain with a teenager named Randy to search for him. After witnessing his girlfriend Barb being eaten by a shark, a young man named Mike runs off, and meets Wade and Madison. The group attempts to get back to town, although Mike is killed by the sharks in the process. Carol and Randy fail to find Ross, but discover his goggles and head back to town. Meanwhile, Adam, the local sheriff, arrests Duffy after he claims that one of his sled dogs was eaten by a shark.  Adam's wife, Diana, soon arrives at his station, where she reveals that she has seen the sharks before, when she was young. She also explains that the sharks were created when an ancient Native American chief created a series of supernatural totems to protect the mountain after a group of mining settlements killed the rest of the Native Americans on the mountain during the gold rush. She deduces that the totems have been disturbed.  Adam and Diana set out to search for the sharks, and instead find Wade and Madison before encountering two of the sharks. The group heads back to the police station where Carol is also to explain Ross's disappearance. Dale, resort owner Lars, and the town's mayor also arrive, and the group attempts to convince them of the sharks, although to no avail. Later, after attempting to hunt down one of the sharks, Adam is fired, and forced to leave the station within a few hours. He releases Duffy as a result. Wade and Madison then attempt to warn Lacy, Jenna and Karla, three of their friends who are in a jacuzzi about the threat, although only one, Jenna, believes them. The other two are soon eaten by one of the sharks. Dale soon witnesses one of the sharks eat a group of teenagers.  An avalanche hits the town shortly afterward and kills Lars. Adam, Diana, and Carol become trapped in the police station during the avalanche and Adam gets out to rescue Wade, Madison, and Jenna, who's eventually eaten. Adam is then eaten as well. Dale arrives, and attempts to kill the sharks, although he is mortally wounded by them. Duffy also arrives, and attempts to get revenge on the sharks for eating his remaining sled dogs, but is soon wounded by them as well. He forces Wade to shoot him as he's eaten and Wade makes an unsuccessful attempt to rescue Dale.  Wade, Madison, Diana and Carol decide to make a break for Dale's truck. Madison, Diana, and Carol escape the cabin, although snow soon fills it and Wade is attacked by a shark, but manages to escape. As this is happening, an Asian woman on the mountain discovers the crooked totems, and begins to straighten them, causing the sharks to disappear one by one. Carol is soon eaten by a shark, as is Dale, although the remaining sharks disappear as a result of the totems being restored. Wade, Madison and Diana then escape in the truck.  The film has a self-parodying framing device featuring an injured snowboarder who supposedly witnesses the events (but isn't; shown being present for any of them) as the Unreliable narrator telling the story to a figment of his imagination, while constantly being questioned about inconsistencies.
Allie Pennington, the daughter of two medieval literature scholars, enrolls at Avalon High and becomes involved in a prophesied re-staging of Arthurian legend. Allie meets various new people who she later discovers are the reincarnations of figures from the legendary Camelot. She befriends two boys: Will, a quarterback and most likely the reincarnation of Arthur, and Miles, who has psychic flashes and is most likely the reincarnation of Merlin. There's also a third boy, Marco—Will's stepbrother—whom Allie believes is the reincarnation of Mordred and determined to kill Arthur (Will), which would send the world into another dark age.  At Avalon High, Allie gets assigned to a project in which Miles becomes her partner. When they are studying together at her house, they receive help from her parents who co-wrote the book which they are doing the project on.  As Allie gets closer to her classmates, she starts to experience visions of King Arthur and becomes better friends with Will. She starts to suspect that the legend of the prophecy is true. She discovers at a party that Jennifer, Will's girlfriend, and Lance, Will's best friend, are having an affair behind Will's back. Allie fears if Will finds out, he would suffer the same fate as King Arthur and meet his downfall. Together, Miles and Allie discover the day King Arthur is prophesied to return.  Will suffers from a blow both in school and at practice that shakes his confidence before the big game, which Will has to win in order to gain a scholarship. Allie tries to tell Will about Jennifer and Lance's affair but is constantly "interrupted", so she enlists the help of Mr. Moore (Allie, Will, Lance, and Miles' medieval history teacher) to protect Will.  On the night of the game Will arrives early to school and sees Jennifer and Lance together and takes off; Allie gives chase. Finding Will at the forest where they had previously spent time together, she tells him that he is King Arthur, but he takes it as a metaphor about him returning to the game. Allie and Miles then attend and watch as Will returns to the game as the prophesied eclipse and meteor shower take place. At half time, Lance apologizes to Will for the affair but Will instead gives his blessing for Lance and Jennifer to be together, forgiving them both. Will then asks to meet Allie after the game, but he disappears. Allie and Miles go in search and Miles uses his psychic power to find him.  Going to the school theater, they find an injured Marco outside and Will inside the theater, again Allie tells him the truth of his identity. Mr. Moore arrives and reveals that he is really Mordred and Marco reveals that his father was actually a member of the Order of the Bear before he died. Ever since he died, Marco has sworn to continue his father's job to protect Arthur (Will), and had been trying to gain Mr. Moore's trust. Mr. Moore (Mordred) then attacks the group. Allie grabs a prop sword to stop Mr. Moore, but it transforms into Excalibur, revealing that she is the real reincarnation of King Arthur. Mr. Moore and Allie duel in an alternate reality, where Will, Marco, Miles (Merlin), and Lance (Lancelot) are also present and fighting. With the help of Merlin, Allie defeats Mordred.   Back in the theater, they are able to escape and Mr. Moore is "detained" by the security officer after he tries to tell him that Allie is king Arthur and her prop sword was real. Will then rushes off to finish the football game and promises to talk with Allie afterward, and he proceeds to win the game, taking the Knights to state for the first time. Having not witnessed Allie and Mr. Moore's great battle, Allie's parents remark sadly about how they'll never find Arthur, never realizing that their own daughter is his reincarnation. Miles now embraces his powers and becomes more social which gets him a girlfriend. At the end of the game, Will kisses Allie.  All the characters gather together at the round table dressed as their legendary counterparts. The movie closes with Allie riding along the beach with a horse.
When Zoe (Amanda Adrienne) tells her mother that she wants to move in with her long-distance boyfriend, her mother is reluctant to let her drive by herself since she is deaf and would be unable to call for assistance if she needed it. Despite her reservations, Zoe's mother allows her to go alone which proves to have disastrous consequences when, in the course of bravely helping an injured reservation Indian, Zoe is abducted and brutally gang raped by several members of a degenerate local gang, descendants of the people who wiped out the Apache tribe inhabiting the lands over two hundred years ago. The preserved skull of the Apache chief (Rick Mora) is kept by them as a spoil of war.  Once they have finished abusing her, the gang kill and bury Zoe, only for an elderly Native American man, graveyard keeper Grey Wolf (Joseph Runningfox), to attempt to bring her back through a ritual. However, the resurrection ceremony also brings back the spirit of the Apache Warchief Mangas Coloradas, who was killed by an ancestor of one of the gang that raped Zoe. The chief, possessing Zoe's body, starts to hunt down her murderers. Grey Wolf finds Zoe and explains what has happened to her, warning the possessed woman that her flesh will continue to rapidly decay, and for both Zoe and the chief to know peace, they must be avenged quickly.  After a number of the gang are killed (disemboweled, shot with arrows and scalped), the remaining ones decide to abduct Zoe's boyfriend, Dane, who has followed Zoe's trail in search of her. They succeed, loading-up on weaponry and barricading themselves in an improvised fortress which they surround with myriad traps. Zoe, in return, is gifted with a long-buried tomahawk and a knife, which once belonged to the murdered Warchief. She eventually hunts down all of the gang except for Trey (Rodney Rowland), who is the direct descendant of the chief's own murderer. When she tells him to "walk in hell" (the last words spoken to the chief before he was decapitated), Trey realizes what has been happening, and flees to the graveyard, torturing Grey Wolf for information on how to put Apache ghosts to rest. Zoe, meanwhile, murders the rest of Trey's family, while Dane, learning that she is alive, heads to the sacred Apache grounds as well.  Trey desperately tries to bury the skull in order to pacify the spirit, but fails to finish before Zoe appears. After fighting her off with a chainsaw, he is defeated and beheaded, completing the Warchief's revenge, but leaving Zoe's body broken and ruined. Dane finds her upper half trying to bury itself. After the tragic pair express their love one final time, Dane, in an act of mercy, cremates Zoe's remains, liberating both souls into the Afterlife.
Vigilante Punisher busts black market weapons dealer Cain who possesses stolen S.H.I.E.L.D. technology. Punisher takes him hostage, inadvertently interfering with S.H.I.E.L.D. agent Black Widow's mission to uncover a larger terror plot. Widow attempts to subdue Punisher, and Cain escapes during the altercation. S.H.I.E.L.D. take Punisher into custody. Having lost their sole lead, Director Nick Fury offers Punisher his freedom in exchange for going on mission with Widow to locate Cain and stop LEVIATHAN, a global terrorist group who plan to auction the stolen technology to the highest bidder.  Widow and Punisher track Cain to a Leviathan base in Slovenia, and discover a lab filled with spies in pods who have been turned into super-powered soldiers by Orion. Punisher captures Cain, who activates a function on his cellphone that emits a flash of light which causes Punisher to lose time. This allows Cain to escape. Widow crosses paths with a former lover and ex-S.H.I.E.L.D. agent, Elihas Starr, who was presumed dead but has been working for Leviathan. Elihas created the super-soldier serum and did it to become worthy of being with her, hoping she would join him. The two fight while Punisher detonates explosives around the base. Punisher extracts Widow and Elihas disappears. Punisher has Cain's cellphone, but it is encrypted, and they cannot retrieve any information from it. They take it to S.H.I.E.L.D. super-genius Amadeus who decrypts the phone, but unknowingly activates the flash function. When they come to, the phone's self-destruct function has been activated. A hypnotized Punisher attacks Widow and kills several S.H.I.E.L.D. agents. Meanwhile, Amadeus incinerates the phone, destroying it completely and causing Punisher to snap out of his trance. Widow suspects Elihas' brainwashing technology was controlling Punisher and advocates against his imprisonment. Fury reveals prior knowledge of this technology, as it was originally developed by S.H.I.E.L.D., though it has never been fully implemented. Widow and Punisher were assigned the mission because S.H.I.E.L.D. had contingencies in place should either or both of them be compromised. The same risk could not be taken with the Avengers, who have superpowers. Elihas also stole samples of the Avengers' blood from S.H.I.E.L.D. to use for his project. Fury orders Widow to complete the mission on her own.  Angered that Fury would sacrifice them both, Widow defies his orders and takes Punisher with her to Hong Kong to meet Ren, an information handler with ties to the criminal underworld, who reveals the auction will be held in Madripoor that same night. At the auction, the duo is overrun by the super soldiers. Hulk and Amadeus join the fight and Elihas activates the mind control technology. Punisher shields Widow while Hulk is protected by a nano-device coating over his eyes that Amadeus created to block the broadcast signals. Punisher and Widow use it on themselves. Widow goes after Elihas, and they start another fight on a catwalk. Elihas kicks Widow over the catwalk's railing, but she manages to hold on. Realising he still loves her, Elihas pulls Widow to safety, and they kiss. The two team up to retrieve an emergency kill-switch from Orion that Elihas created as a precaution against the super-soldiers. Hawkeye, Iron Man, Thor, War Machine and Captain Marvel arrive and breach the auction hall. Together with Punisher, Hulk, and Amadeus, they battle the Leviathan troops. Widow and Elihas confront Orion, gain control of the switch and activate it, disabling all the active bio-soldiers. Punisher attempts to shoot Elihas, which distracts Widow who is still fighting Orion. Orion fires a fatal blast at her, but Elihas jumps in the way and is hit instead. Punisher kills Orion and Elihas dies in Widow's arms.  Fury orders Widow to arrest Punisher, who faces a life sentence for killing Orion. She instead releases him once Fury leaves, having now accepted Punisher's way of imparting justice. In Miami, Punisher tracks down Cain and kills him.
Snow White and Prince Charming's kingdom is under attack by Rumpelstiltskin's brainwashed army of thralls. After killing the prince, Rumple confronts Snow in the throne room; he wants access to the Magic Mirror, which can act as a portal to a land without magic, where he can reign unchallenged. A fight ensues,  resulting in them falling through the mirror's portal and into the other world. Later, Cinderella, Sleeping Beauty and Rapunzel arrive, noting the time that's passed since the battle, and how the other world's time moves much faster than theirs; they are joined by Red Riding Hood, who is tracking down Rumpelstiltskin's right-hand man, the Wolf. Having survived the battle, the Wolf attacks them; he tackles Red into the mirror, shattering it and embedding a shard into her shoulder. The princesses follow after them.  They arrive in L.A., but find Red and the Wolf are nowhere to be found. They attempt to search for Snow White, only to be met with hostility at a bar; they are quickly rescued by Snow, who has become a freedom fighter in the six months that have passed. She takes them to her hideout, explaining that Rumpelstiltskin has managed to gain some power by becoming mayor Heart; he continues to brainwash the populace in secret, rebuilding his army of thralls. The princesses tell Snow about the Magic Mirror shard Red has, learning that it's the only way to get back home. Snow hands them fashion magazines, telling them to blend in.  Red continues tracking the Wolf, but ends up incurring the wrath of local gang leader "Iron" John; John believes in order, and doesn't tolerate chaos.  Red, Wolf, and John are all arrested, though Red escapes and is eventually rescued in an ensuing battle by her friends.  Mayor Heart pays John and Wolf a visit, freeing wolf and promising John "order"; he transforms John into an iron being befitting his moniker. They manage to track down Snow's group, resulting in a fight in which Red and Snow are captured by Heart.  He brainwashes Red into a thrall, as the princesses are immune, and tries seducing Snow into being his queen when he takes over the world.  Rejected, Heart uses his magic to amplify the shard's power and opens a portal back to fairy tale land.  Cinderella fights with Red, managing to get Red to remember her true self.  Iron John sees that Heart lied to him and shatters the shard, sacrificing himself to shut the portal. Snow and Heart fight again.  Heart dies, when Snow impales both of them with an icicle, while she becomes frozen as a result of her powers, sparing her from otherwise certain death.  The princesses and Red decide to find another way to get home and help with Snow's revival.
Years have passed since the first film, with the shattering of the magic mirror portal spreading shards of the mirror across the world. To combat threats from the fairytale realm, an organization called Looking Glass was founded; led by Alice (whose sanity is maintained by medicine Hatter makes for her), the princesses and Red work to locate the fragments to rebuild the portal to go home. However, the power-crazed ruler of Atlantis, Magda the Mad, is threatening the world in her hunt for Prince Charming (who survived Rumplestiltskin's attempt on his life) to force him to marry her so she can get his ring, which will literally allow her to rule all the land. A different Rumplestiltskin allies with Magda in exchange for Atlantis. Snow White is revived to combat the threat.
In the Eastern European country of Sokovia, the Avengers—Tony Stark, Thor, Bruce Banner, Steve Rogers, Natasha Romanoff, and Clint Barton—raid a Hydra facility commanded by Baron Wolfgang von Strucker, who has experimented on humans using the scepter previously wielded by Loki. They meet two of Strucker's test subjects—twins Pietro (who has superhuman speed) and Wanda Maximoff (who has telepathic and telekinetic abilities)—and apprehend Strucker, while Stark retrieves Loki's scepter.  Stark and Banner discover an artificial intelligence within the scepter's gem, and secretly decide to use it to complete Stark's "Ultron" global defense program. The unexpectedly sentient Ultron, believing he must eradicate humanity to save Earth, eliminates Stark's A.I. J.A.R.V.I.S. and attacks the Avengers at their headquarters. Escaping with the scepter, Ultron uses the resources in Strucker's Sokovia base to upgrade his rudimentary body and build an army of robot drones. Having killed Strucker, he recruits the Maximoffs, who hold Stark responsible for their parents' deaths by his company's weapons, and goes to the base of arms dealer Ulysses Klaue in Johannesburg to get vibranium. The Avengers attack Ultron and the Maximoffs, but Wanda subdues them with haunting visions, causing Banner to turn into the Hulk and rampage until Stark stops him with his anti-Hulk armor.  A worldwide backlash over the resulting destruction, and the fears Wanda's hallucinations incited, send the team into hiding at Barton's farmhouse. Thor departs to consult with Dr. Erik Selvig on the apocalyptic future he saw in his hallucination, while Nick Fury arrives and encourages the team to form a plan to stop Ultron. In Seoul, Ultron uses Loki's scepter to enslave the team's friend Helen Cho. They use her synthetic-tissue technology, vibranium, and the scepter's gem to craft a new body. As Ultron uploads himself into the body, Wanda is able to read his mind; discovering his plan for human extinction, the Maximoffs turn against Ultron. Rogers, Romanoff, and Barton fight Ultron and retrieve the synthetic body, but Ultron captures Romanoff. The Avengers fight among themselves when Stark and Banner secretly upload J.A.R.V.I.S.—who is still working after hiding from Ultron inside the Internet—into the synthetic body.  Thor returns to help activate the body, based on his vision that the gem on its brow is the Mind Stone, one of the six Infinity Stones, the most powerful objects in existence. This "Vision" earns their trust by being worthy of lifting Thor's hammer, Mjölnir. Vision and the Maximoffs go with the Avengers to Sokovia, where Ultron has used the remaining vibranium to build a machine to lift a large part of the capital city skyward, intending to crash it into the ground to cause global extinction. Banner rescues Romanoff, who awakens the Hulk for the battle. The Avengers fight Ultron's army while Fury arrives in a Helicarrier with Maria Hill, James Rhodes, and S.H.I.E.L.D. agents to evacuate civilians.  Pietro dies when he shields Barton from gunfire, and a vengeful Wanda abandons her post to destroy Ultron's primary body, which allows one of his drones to activate the machine. The city plummets, but Stark and Thor overload the machine and shatter the landmass. In the aftermath, the Hulk, unwilling to endanger Romanoff by being with her, departs in a Quinjet, while Vision confronts and destroys Ultron's last remaining body. Later, with the Avengers having established a new base run by Fury, Hill, Cho, and Selvig, Thor returns to Asgard to learn more about the forces he suspects have manipulated recent events. As Stark leaves and Barton retires, Rogers and Romanoff prepare to train new Avengers: Rhodes, Vision, Sam Wilson, and Wanda.  In a mid-credits scene, Thanos dons a gauntlet and vows to retrieve the Infinity Stones himself.
In 2018, twenty-three days after Thanos erased half of all life in the universe, Carol Danvers rescues Tony Stark and Nebula from deep space and they reunite with the remaining Avengers—Bruce Banner, Steve Rogers, Thor, Natasha Romanoff, and James Rhodes—and Rocket on Earth. Locating Thanos on an uninhabited planet, they plan to use the Infinity Stones to reverse his actions, only to find that Thanos has already destroyed them and the Gauntlet, thus preventing any further use. Enraged, Thor decapitates Thanos.  Five years later, Scott Lang escapes from the Quantum Realm. Reaching the Avengers Compound, he explains that he experienced only five hours while trapped. Theorizing that the Quantum Realm allows time travel, they ask a reluctant Stark to help them retrieve the Stones from the past to reverse the actions of Thanos in the present. Stark, Rocket, and Banner, who has since merged his intelligence with the Hulk's strength, build a time machine. Banner notes that altering the past does not affect their present; any changes create alternate realities. Banner and Rocket travel to Norway, where they visit the Asgardian refugees' settlement New Asgard and recruit an overweight and despondent Thor. In Tokyo, Romanoff recruits Clint Barton, who became a vigilante after his family was erased during the execution of Thanos's plan.  Banner, Lang, Rogers, and Stark time-travel to New York City during Loki's attack in 2012. At the Sanctum Sanctorum, Banner convinces the Ancient One to give him the Time Stone after promising to return the various Stones to their proper points in time. At Stark Tower, Rogers retrieves the Mind Stone from Hydra sleeper agents, but Stark and Lang's attempt to steal the Space Stone fails, allowing 2012-Loki to escape with it. Rogers and Stark travel to Camp Lehigh in 1970, where Stark obtains an earlier version of the Space Stone and encounters his father, Howard. Rogers steals Pym Particles from Hank Pym to return to the present and spies his lost love, Peggy Carter.  Meanwhile, Rocket and Thor travel to Asgard in 2013; Rocket extracts the Reality Stone from Jane Foster, while Thor gets encouragement from his mother, Frigga, and retrieves his old hammer, Mjolnir. Barton, Romanoff, Nebula, and Rhodes travel to 2014; Nebula and Rhodes go to Morag and steal the Power Stone before Peter Quill can, while Barton and Romanoff travel to Vormir. The Soul Stone's keeper, Red Skull, reveals it can only be acquired by sacrificing a loved one. Romanoff sacrifices herself, allowing Barton to get the Stone. Rhodes and Nebula attempt to return to their own time, but Nebula is incapacitated when her cybernetic implants link with her past self, allowing 2014-Thanos to learn of his future self's success and the Avengers' attempt to undo it. 2014-Thanos sends 2014-Nebula forward in time to prepare for his arrival.  Reuniting in the present, the Avengers place the Stones into a gauntlet that Stark, Banner, and Rocket have built. Banner, who has the most resistance to their radiation, uses the gauntlet to undo every one of Thanos's disintegrations. Meanwhile, 2014-Nebula, impersonating her future self, uses the time machine to transport 2014-Thanos and his warship to the present, which he then uses to destroy the Avengers Compound. Present-day Nebula convinces 2014-Gamora to betray Thanos, but is unable to convince 2014-Nebula and kills her. Thanos overpowers Stark, Thor and a Mjolnir-wielding Rogers, and summons his army to retrieve the Stones, intent on using them to destroy the universe and create a new one. A restored Stephen Strange arrives with other sorcerers, the restored Avengers and Guardians of the Galaxy, the Ravagers, and the armies of Wakanda and Asgard to fight Thanos's army. Danvers also arrives and destroys Thanos's warship, but Thanos overpowers her and seizes the gauntlet. Stark steals the Stones and uses them to disintegrate Thanos and his army, sacrificing his life in the process.  Following Stark's funeral, Thor appoints Valkyrie as the new king of New Asgard and joins the Guardians. Rogers returns the Stones and Mjolnir to their proper timelines and remains in the past to live with Carter. In the present, an elderly Rogers passes his shield to Sam Wilson.
Having acquired the Power Stone–one of six Infinity Stones–from the planet Xandar, Thanos and his lieutenants—Ebony Maw, Cull Obsidian, Proxima Midnight, and Corvus Glaive—intercept the spaceship carrying the survivors of Asgard's destruction. After subduing Thor, Thanos extracts the Space Stone from the Tesseract, overpowers the Hulk, and kills Loki. Thanos also kills Heimdall after he sends Hulk to Earth using the Bifröst. Thanos and his lieutenants leave, destroying the ship.  Hulk crash-lands in the Sanctum Sanctorum in New York City, reverting to the form of Bruce Banner. He warns Stephen Strange and Wong about Thanos's plan to destroy half of all life in the universe, and they recruit Tony Stark. Maw and Obsidian arrive to retrieve the Time Stone from Strange, drawing Peter Parker's attention. Maw, unable to take the Time Stone due to Strange's enchantment, captures him. Stark and Parker sneak aboard Maw's spaceship while Wong stays behind to guard the Sanctum.  The Guardians of the Galaxy respond to the Asgardian ship's distress call and rescue Thor. Thor surmises that Thanos is after the Reality Stone, which Taneleer Tivan possesses on Knowhere. He travels with Rocket and Groot to Nidavellir to enlist the dwarf king Eitri's aid in creating the battle-axe Stormbreaker. Peter Quill, Gamora, Drax, and Mantis travel to Knowhere, finding Thanos already has the Reality Stone. Thanos kidnaps Gamora, who discloses the Soul Stone's location to save Nebula from torture. On Vormir, the Stone's keeper, Red Skull, tells Thanos that he can only acquire it by sacrificing someone he loves. Thanos sacrifices Gamora, earning the Stone.  In Edinburgh, Midnight and Glaive ambush Wanda Maximoff and Vision to retrieve the Mind Stone in Vision's forehead. Steve Rogers, Natasha Romanoff, and Sam Wilson rescue them and they take shelter with James Rhodes and Banner at the Avengers Compound. Vision asks Wanda to destroy him and the Mind Stone to keep it from Thanos, but Wanda refuses. Rogers suggests they travel to Wakanda, which he believes has the resources to remove the Stone without killing Vision.  Nebula escapes captivity and asks the remaining Guardians to meet her on Thanos's destroyed homeworld, Titan. Stark and Parker kill Maw and rescue Strange. The trio crash-lands on Titan, where they meet Quill, Drax, and Mantis. Using the Time Stone, Strange views millions of possible futures, seeing only one in which the Avengers win. The group formulates a plan to subdue Thanos and remove the Infinity Gauntlet, with which he safely houses and wields the Stones. Thanos appears, justifying his plans as necessary to guarantee the survival of an overpopulated universe. Nebula arrives soon after and helps the others subdue Thanos, but then deduces that Thanos has killed Gamora. Enraged, Quill attacks Thanos, inadvertently allowing him to break the group's hold and overpower them. Thanos grievously wounds Stark, but Strange offers the Time Stone in exchange for sparing Stark's life.  In Wakanda, Rogers reunites with Bucky Barnes before Thanos' army invades. The Avengers, along with T'Challa and the Wakandan forces, mount a defense while Shuri works to extract the Mind Stone from Vision. Unable to summon the Hulk after losing to Thanos, Banner fights in Stark's Hulkbuster armor. Thor, Rocket, and Groot arrive to reinforce the Avengers. Together they kill Midnight, Obsidian, and Glaive, and rout Thanos's army. Shuri cannot complete the extraction before Thanos himself arrives on the field, slowed only briefly by Banner, Rogers, T'Challa, Wilson, Rhodes, Barnes, Okoye, Romanoff, and Groot. Vision convinces a reluctant Wanda to destroy him and the Mind Stone, but Thanos uses the Time Stone to reverse her actions, rip the stone from Vision's forehead, and complete the Gauntlet. Although Thor severely wounds Thanos with Stormbreaker, Thanos activates the completed Gauntlet by snapping his fingers before teleporting away.  Half of all life across the universe disintegrates, including Barnes, T'Challa, Groot, Wanda, Wilson, Mantis, Drax, Quill, Strange, Parker, Maria Hill, and Nick Fury, the last of whom sends an emergency signal on a modified pager before disintegrating. Stark and Nebula remain stranded on Titan while Banner, M'Baku, Okoye, Rhodes, Rocket, Rogers, Romanoff, and Thor are left on the Wakandan battlefield. Meanwhile, Thanos watches a sunrise on a remote planet.
Following a car accident where he is forced off of the road by another vehicle, a man awakens with amnesia while a corpse is found in the trunk of his car, the fifth victim of a serial killer that is stalking the area. The man, John Doe, is suspected to be the killer as a result, but escapes the hospital after taking Diana, a nurse who had befriended him, hostage. John becomes determined to prove his innocence and Diana agrees to help him; Diana’s father had been convicted of murder and she refused to believe his claims of innocence. He eventually hanged himself, before being exonerated years later, leaving Diana guilt-ridden.  John is haunted by visions of Julia Govern, one of the victims and decides to dig deeper in the hopes of finding answers. While visiting Julia's mother's house in McNabb, Illinois, John's memory flashes draw him to the nearby house of Sheriff Roger Bower who has been working with FBI agent Frank Ward to investigate the murders and John's role in them. When John breaks into the Bower house, he is attacked by Bower's son Oliver who appears to recognize him. However, John accidentally knocks Oliver out before he can learn anything about his identity from the young man.  As John searches for answers, he is hunted by Mark Rosovski, the man that forced him off of the road in the first place. Rosovski snaps the neck of Diana's friend Tom who was helping them and sets an ambush. Upon finding John standing over Tom's body, Diana abandons John, believing that he is really the killer and just manipulating her. Rosovski attempts to strangle John to death, but John manages to shoot him in self-defense, escaping with Rosovski's cell phone. From a text message, John learns that someone else sent him to Tom's home to kill John while Bower, investigating the scene with Ward, identifies Rosovski as a recently paroled hitman.  Diana visits the Bower house to speak with the sheriff about John and meets Oliver who informs her about the death of his mother, who resembles Diana, twenty years before and John's earlier attack on him. At the same time, John visits a library and does some online research into the murders. John learns that Bower's wife was murdered in a similar manner to the current murders and that the lead detective in Julia's murder, Michael Winslow, recently died in a gas explosion that consumed his home. Looking into reports on Michael's death, John discovers from a picture of the detective that he is in fact Michael Winslow. Realizing that the Bower's know the truth about his identity, Michael calls Ward, reveals his true identity and tells him to ask Roger Bower for more answers. When Ward calls Bower and asks about Detective Michael Winslow, the sheriff immediately becomes concerned.  Determined to find answers, Michael returns to the Bower house and confronts Oliver. Oliver reveals that he and Michael were best friends, but claims that Michael did something that put Oliver and his father through hell due to his obsession with finding out the truth about the murdered girls. During the argument, Michael spots Oliver's baseball schedule and realizes that it matches up with the timing and the locations of the killings. Michael is overpowered by Oliver who has taken Diana captive as well as his intended next victim. Oliver explains that the first victim was an accident, someone that he had unintentionally hit with his car, but she had reminded him of his murdered mother. Mentally ill, Oliver would target young women who resembled his mother, kill them in a fashion matching his mother's unsolved murder and then call their mothers so that the last thing they heard was their own mother's voice. Before Oliver can kill Michael and Diana, Bower returns home and shoots Oliver dead.  Sending Diana to call the police, Michael confronts Bower who confirms Michael's identity and explains that Michael had discovered that Oliver was the killer after pulling him over driving the last victim's car with her body in the trunk. Michael had called Bower first who promised to take Oliver in together, but he hired Rosovski instead to protect his son. Rosovski ran Michael off of the road on his way to meet up with Bower to make the arrest and stole his identification, believing that Michael had died in the crash, while Bower switched out his fingerprints for a John Doe from the morgue whose body he planted in Michael's house before setting the gas explosion to cover up Michael's murder. After learning that Michael had in fact survived, Bower sent Rosovski to finish the job while trying to frame Michael for the serial killings in order to protect Oliver as Bower knew that Michael would eventually figure out the truth again. Bower, who had previously had a father-son relationship with Michael before the events, expresses remorse for his actions and for not stopping Oliver sooner. As Michael meets with Ward, who has exonerated him thanks to Diana, and Oliver's body is removed from the house, Bower commits suicide out of guilt while Diana watches the events unfold from across the street.
In an unspecified snowy wilderness, a group of loggers are finishing work for the day and prepping a massive roast when a grotesque axe-wielding man emerges from the woods, massacres nearly everyone, then runs the foreman through the circular saw. Sometime later, a group of five young first-time offenders, Marty, Trish, Zack, Rosa, and CB, are taken into the woods for a week long rehabilitation excursion led by Sergeant A. Hoke and Ms. Sam Kowowzinkowski, a guidance counselor. When they arrive at the remote cabin, Hoke tells the others they will all be sleeping in tents outside while he enjoys the cabin. In the nearby woods, a grizzly bear is stalking a deer when a giant man (Bunyan) emerges from the trees, picks up the grizzly, snaps its neck, then skins and cleans the carcass.  During a night around the campfire where Ms. K talks with the youths, a local hermit, Meeks, crashes their program discussion, startling them, before Hoke runs him off and sends everyone to bed. The following morning, Hoke takes the others on a grueling hike. When they stop for lunch, Zack and Martin find the bones of a large ox jutting up from the ground. Zack takes a horn from the skull as a souvenir. Later, Bunyan visits the site, revealing it to be the grave of his ox, Babe, and finds the skull missing a horn, which enrages the giant.  The delinquents, Hoke and Ms. K stop for a break in their hike. When Martin and Zack toss the horn back and forth, a wind passes through it, alerting Bunyan to their location. The giant emerges from the trees behind an oblivious Trish—who's distracted when her phone picks up a rare signal—and brings his axe down on her, splitting her vertically in half. The others run away in a panic and Bunyan bisects Hoke, but lodges his axe in a tree, which allows the others to escape back to the cabin. Bunyan follows them and pulls their van away with him, trapping them, then returns to his cave.  Meeks runs into the campgrounds in a panic and the others let him in the cabin. Once he sees the horn, he tells the group of their misdoing and that the tall tale of Paul Bunyan is based on an actual person, the son of a 19th century lumber baron and European immigrant. He was born with a rare condition that caused extreme gigantism as well as tripling his life expectancy. In adolescence, Bunyan's blue ox, Babe, got wounded and wandered into some loggers’ area, who in turn killed Babe for the meat. Bunyan slaughtered the loggers in retaliation, which caused the nearby townspeople to seal him inside an abandoned mine. Bunyan survived and grew to his full height while living in the mountains. Meeks tells them they must return Babe's horn to Bunyan's shrine or they will all be killed.  Upon hearing this, Zack runs out of the cabin with the horn and throws it into the forest. The horn is thrown back out of the trees and impales Zack; Bunyan emerges, drags Zack's body off and returns to his cave to sharpen his axe. CB's father (who's also the local sheriff) is called to the area for a bear sighting but finds Hoke's body. Bunyan returns and smashes through the roof of the cabin. He grabs Rosa and throws her against a tree, killing her. The others rush outside and as Bunyan is about to attack them, he's shot with several tranquilizer darts by CB's father, who's just arrived on the scene. Bunyan falls backwards incapacitated, and crushes the cabin. Meeks emerges from the woods and hold them all at gunpoint while defending Bunyan. He shoots Martin and prepares to kill the others, but Bunyan regains consciousness and decapitates Meeks. Bunyan chases Sheriff, CB, and Ms. K to a footbridge over a river where they are trapped until a militia composed of local hunters arrives. They empty their weapons into Bunyan who falls seemingly mortally wounded into the river below and sinks. Sheriff, CB, and Ms. K leave with the militia.
In a cabin by Cutter's Creek, bank robbers Denise, Vale, and Paulie are murdered by an axe-wielding serial killer known as the Axeman. Later, a group of friends led by Brian arrive at a nearby cabin. After settling in, Brian mentions that the reason he got the cabin for such a low price is because it supposedly once belonged to a family that was massacred by the Axeman. When the discussion concludes, Randy goes off to spy on Vivian, and is murdered by the Axeman, who rips his head off.  The next morning, Doug gets into an argument with his girlfriend, Cassidy, accusing her of still having feelings for her ex, Brian, who is now dating Cassidy's best friend, Stacy. Doug storms off into the woods, where he stumbles onto the money that the bank robbers stole. While looking for somewhere to hide the cash, Doug is impaled and dismembered by the Axeman, his death going unnoticed by his friends, who are searching for Randy. Everyone soon regroups at the cabin, and Cassidy, unsatisfied with every explanation that they can come up with for why Randy, and now Doug, are gone, leaves to continue searching for them alone.  Tammy enters the garage, where she uncovers the robbers' money, and is forced to hide when the Axeman enters with her girlfriend, Liz, whom he has seriously wounded. Before he can finish Liz off, the Axeman is distracted by a knock on the door, and answers it to reveal it is Sheriff Charlene Wopuzer. Annoyed by the sheriff's abrasive attitude and persistent questioning, the Axeman twists her head around, and returns to the garage, just as Tammy exits it with Liz. Liz dies from her injuries and Tammy is strangled by the Axeman, who also bites off and eats her cheeks.  Returning to the cabin, the Axeman rips Brian's brain out, knifes Vivian in the eye, beats Darren to death, and chases Stacy after finding her in a closet. He nearly strangles her to death, before she bites his nose. She stabs him in the leg after tripping over Cassidy's body before running into the woods, leaving her fate unknown.
The Professor discovers that thieves have absconded with priceless Aztec artifacts that were shipped to Columbia State University for study after the defeat of a resurrected Aztec mummy several years earlier by Mil Mascaras. The Professor reports the theft to Mil, who immediately flies to the campus. After Mil Mascaras is attacked by teams of ninjas and sorority sisters, he concludes that one of the artifacts, the Jewel of Tonauac, is being used by someone - or something - for mind control. Mil and the Professor visit a fraternity that they suspect may be involved and discover that the head of an Aztec chief has been resurrected and has plans for world domination. Mil is captured and restrained so that his (Mil's) head can be removed and replaced with that of the Aztec chief. With help from the Professor, Mil escapes and destroys the head.
When two straight friends go into couples therapy, they're so convincing that even they start to question their relationship.
Baby is a getaway driver in Atlanta. As a child, he survived a car crash that killed his parents and left him with tinnitus. He finds catharsis in music, typically using iPods to soothe his tinnitus. Baby ferries crews of robbers assembled by criminal mastermind Doc as recompense for theft of a car containing Doc's illicit goods. In leisure, he remixes snippets of conversations he records and cares for his deaf foster father, Joseph. He meets a waitress named Debora, and they start dating.   Baby's next robbery goes awry after an armed military bystander chases them down, but Baby evades him and the police. Having paid his debt, Baby quits his life of crime and starts delivering pizzas. Doc interrupts Baby's date with Debora and insists he join a post office heist, threatening to hurt Debora and Joseph should he refuse. The crew consists of easygoing Buddy, his sharpshooter wife Darling, and trigger-happy Bats, who had taken a dislike to Baby during their previous time working together. When the team attempts to purchase illegal firearms, Bats recognizes one of the dealers as a covert operative and opens fire. They kill most of the dealers.   Afterward, Bats makes Baby stop at Debora's diner, unaware of their romance. Baby, aware of Bats's homicidal habit, prevents him from killing her to avoid paying. Doc is furious, revealing that the dealers were corrupt cops on his payroll. He decides to cancel the heist, but the crew overrule him. Baby attempts to slip away late that night, hoping to take Debora and leave Atlanta, but he is stopped by Buddy and Bats, who have discovered his recordings and believe he is an informant. Baby convinces them and Doc of his innocence by playing them a tape of one of his remixes. However, a second tape reveals a prior conversation with Debora.  During the heist, Bats kills a security guard. Disgusted, Baby refuses to drive away, causing Bats to hit him. Baby rams the car into some rebar that impales Bats, killing him; Baby, Buddy, and Darling flee on foot. When Darling is killed in a shootout with police, Buddy blames Baby for her death and vows to kill him. Baby steals a car and flees to his apartment. After leaving Joseph at an assisted living home with his heist earnings, he rushes to get Debora at the diner, where he finds Buddy waiting for him. Baby shoots him and flees with Debora as police swarm the restaurant.   Back at the safe house, Doc initially refuses to let Baby take back one of his tapes, even though it only contains his mother singing, but relents when Debora arrives to console Baby. Doc supplies the couple with cash and an escape route out of the country, saying he was also in love once. The police who survived the arms deal confront Baby, Debora and Doc in the parking garage, and Doc kills them all. Buddy then arrives and kills Doc, and a cat-and-mouse game ensues until Buddy has Baby at his mercy. He fires a gun next to each of Baby's ears, temporarily deafening him, before Debora hits Buddy with a crowbar.   Baby shoots Buddy in the leg, who then falls to his death. Debora flees the scene with Baby. The next day, they encounter a police roadblock, and he decides to surrender. At his trial, Joseph, Debora, and other people affected by his crimes testify in Baby's defense, citing his acts of compassion and mercy. He is sentenced to 25 years in prison, subject to a parole hearing after five years. Debora stays in contact with Baby during his incarceration, and she discovers that his real name is Miles.   In the final scene, Baby closes his eyes while fixing a Route 66 postcard to his cell mirror. In a dreamlike, black-and-white shot, the prison gates open on the day of his release, and Debora is waiting outside with a vintage car. The shot transitions to full color before Baby and Debora embrace.
On Halloween, a babysitter is sent several threatening text messages, the last of which reads, "I'm not in the house... yet". Moments later, the sitter is grabbed by a man in a white mask, who duct tapes her to a chair, rips three of her fingernails out, and slits her throat. Elsewhere, Angela chats with her neighbor, Mr. Walker, whose daughter, April, was abducted seven years ago, and has recently been deemed deceased in absentia. Angela was a member of the same babysitters club as April, and when she was taken, every member of the club besides Angela blamed Bianca, who was with April when she disappeared. To try and cheer up the dour Bianca, Angela invites her to a party she is throwing, while out in the woods another girl is slain by the masked man. The killer then breaks into a house, where he murders a couple, mutilating the girl with a straight razor before slashing her throat.  Angela and her friend Lucky prepare for the party, as the killer butchers another girl and her co-worker in an office. Bianca, who had just argued with the victim, spots the murderer (whose disguise is similar to the one worn by the person she saw take April) leaving the building and tries to follow him, but he eludes her. The maniac continues his rampage as Angela and Lucky welcome their first guest, Arlene, and Bianca angrily blows off her ex-boyfriend, Tyler. Bianca visits Angela, but storms off when Arlene taunts her with a Ouija board, afterward deciding to check on the other babysitter club members with Tyler, due to her suspicion that the masked man could be the same one who kidnapped April.  After massacring a gathering of six people, the madman breaks into Angela's house, and chloroforms her, Lucky, and Arlene. Angela and Arlene awaken in the basement, where Lucky, who has been beaten and tied to a chair, informs them that their captor told her that he will free Angela and Arlene if they kill her with a hammer. As it is their only option, Lucky tells Arlene to sacrifice her, which the sobbing Arlene reluctantly does. Bianca has Tyler drop her off at Angela's house, where she is approached by Mr. Walker, who hints that he was the one who murdered April before he knocks Bianca unconscious with a head butt.  Mr. Walker proceeds to enter the basement, strangle Arlene, and unmask himself for Angela. Mr. Walker takes Angela upstairs, incapacitates her by cutting her ankles, and rants about how much he loves her; he murdered all of the others in order to free her from her old life, so that she could start a new one with him, asserting, "You will come to love me, in time". While Mr. Walker pours gasoline throughout the kitchen, Angela stabs him in the stomach, with Mr. Walker doing the same to her. Angela begins crawling away while Mr. Walker takes out a lighter, proclaiming, "The only thing more romantic than running away together, is dying together. Love is a bitch!" The disoriented Bianca enters, but is told to run by Angela, who reassures her by saying, "It's not your fault". The house erupts up in flames, and Bianca goes into hysterics as Tyler tries to console her, and emergency services approach.
Regan Crawford is having lunch with her longtime friend, Becky Archer, who reveals that she will marry her boyfriend, Dale. Although secretly jealous of the fact that her friend is now engaged, Regan notifies their two other friends Gena Myers and Katie Lawrence.  Six months later, the women are preparing for Becky's bachelorette party that evening; Gena flies into New York from LA, and the four meet at the hotel, where Katie announces that Gena has brought cocaine for them all. At the dinner party that night, Gena runs into her ex Clyde, whom she sees flirting with Dale's younger sister, and Katie runs into Joe, a former classmate and pot dealer. Trevor, the best man, gives a speech at the party, and Gena says in her toast that she once caught Becky forcing herself to throw up in the high school bathrooms.  After the dinner, the women go to their suite, where Katie's co-worker arrives and does a striptease for them, but Becky stops it after he jokingly calls her "Pigface", a cruel high school nickname. She leaves the bachelorette party, and Regan, Gena and Katie stay in the room where they keep drinking and doing cocaine. Drunk and high, the three accidentally rip Becky's bridal gown, and Katie stains it with a nosebleed.  Regan contacts a friend who owns a bridal store, who reluctantly agrees to open it for them in the middle of the night. After unsuccessfully searching the store for a dress for Becky, Katie reveals that she can sew, which leads them on a hunt for thread and a sewing machine. Trevor text messages Regan, inviting them to stop by the strip club where the men are, which they agree to. Gena takes the dress into the strip club's bathroom where she attempts to clean it; there, she has a conversation with a stripper who uses the dress as a towel and toilet paper.   Regan, furious over the situation, gets into an argument with Gena who insists they confess everything to Becky, and it is revealed in the argument that Gena had an abortion. Gena leaves the club with Clyde and the dress.  Meanwhile, Joe attempts to woo Katie, who is heavily intoxicated and high on cocaine, and Regan ends up having sex with Trevor in the strip club bathroom. Clyde and Gena spend the evening together reminiscing and have sex. Meanwhile, Joe and Katie spend the night in the hotel swimming pool, where Katie reveals that she attempted suicide the year before. Becky calls and asks Regan to come to her room so they can talk; in their conversation, it is revealed that Regan is bulimic, and that Becky covered it for her in high school. Just as Regan begins to tell Becky about her dress, Becky's mother arrives, and they begin to prepare for the wedding.  Gena and Clyde head to the wedding in the morning while the party planners can't find the dress. Gena asks a maid at the hotel to help her to touch-up the dress before bringing it to Becky; meanwhile, Katie locks herself in the bathroom and overdoses on Xanax. While Regan forces Katie to vomit the pills, she ends up puking all over Regan's dress. To buy time, Regan convinces Becky to ride to the wedding in her pajamas and put on the dress when she arrives. Irate, Becky screams at her mother and Regan in the taxi. Gena arrives to the wedding with the dress. It's been completely cleaned except for a tiny bloodstain.  Becky walks down the aisle while Regan and Gena sit on a bench and watch the ceremony, where they are joined by Katie, who arrives late. At the reception, Joe and Katie talk and kiss, Regan tries to sleep, and Clyde gives an obscene speech about having sex with Gena the night before. The film ends as the four women make up and dance together at the reception.
After his mother is imprisoned for killing his abusive father, Harley Altmyer is left to care for his three younger sisters in rural Pennsylvania. Harley forgoes his college education, working dead-end jobs to pay the bills and raise his siblings, which include the rebellious and promiscuous Amber, the withdrawn Misty, and youngest daughter Jody.  Scarred by his past, Harley becomes infatuated with Callie Mercer, an older married woman who lives nearby. Things take a dangerous turn when they embark on an affair and family secrets threaten to surface and consume Harley.
The film follows Michael Sullivan, the son of US State Department diplomat who died when Michael was young. Michael leaves a lucrative job at a large bank and lands his dream job as a diplomat with the United Nations (UN) in the fall of 2002. He is assigned to work as an assistant to Under-Secretary-General Costa "Pasha" Passaris, the head of the Oil-for-Food Programme, operated since 1995 to help the citizens of Iraq without allowing the oil sales to boost Saddam Hussein and his regime. On his first visit to Baghdad, local UN chief diplomat Christina Dupre makes it clear to Pasha that she is disturbed by the corruption in the programme, and plans to publish a report voicing her concerns. This is the first Michael hears of the problem, and over the course of the film he uncovers a major corruption scandal, whereby payoffs and bribes diverted $20 billion of the funds away from food and into the hands of companies, banks, officials of various governments, and officials of the UN itself, possibly including Pasha, so that Hussein can pocket over $1 billion of the funds.  Michael falls in love with Nashim, a UN worker in Baghdad who reveals aspects of the corruption to Michael, while she covertly works to advance the cause of her own people, the Kurds of northern Iraq. Pasha tries to teach Michael about the realities of diplomacy in a world filled with corruption, highlighting that $60 billion does make it into buying food and medicine for the people of Iraq. As more of the people around him are killed, including Nashim and Dupre, and as the corruption continues even after the programme was de jure terminated in 2003, following the Coalition Invasion of Iraq, a dejected Michael gathers evidence and takes it to The Wall Street Journal.
After suffering a brain injury from a bank heist gone wrong, MacDonald (Matthew Modine) develops amnesia and is put into a prison psychiatric ward. Following his seventh year in evaluation, he is coerced by an inmate and a ward doctor (Ryan Guzman and Meadow Williams) to break out of prison and injected with a serum that forces him to relive the life he's forgotten. MacDonald must now elude a local detective (Sylvester Stallone), a toughened FBI agent (Christopher McDonald) and the drug's dangerous side effects in order to recover the stolen money all while confronting his past.
The film includes behind the scenes clips of the recording session of Jackson's seventh studio album, Bad. It also features various people that had worked with Jackson during the Bad era (1986–1989) talking about the production of the album and the tour, acting or starring in some of Jackson's Bad singles and music videos including Sheryl Crow who was the duet partner with Jackson on the Bad World Tour for "I Just Can't Stop Loving You", Siedah Garrett, the original duet artist, talks about her experience with Jackson and many others. There are also interviews with influenced entertainers and artists.
The film follows married couple Helen (Brea Grant) and Rob (Graham Skipper), who are settling into their new cul-de-sac digs after shaking off the dust of California. Unfortunately, they’ve arrived at a bad time; on the one hand, it’s Halloween, which isn't so bad. But it's at this time that these two girls, wearing doll masks, decide to go on a killing spree. And after taking out the local trailer park resident, a pedophile, and even their principal, they now have their sights set on Helen. But Helen doesn’t go down without a fight, so taking her out won't be easy; unfortunately for Rob, he gets gutted like the jack o’lanterns he so endears. The story ends when Helen knifes the two girls, but that proved to be useless because as soon as her back is turned, the two girls vanish without a trace.
Frank Vega is a Vietnam War veteran who has faced numerous challenges in his life. After returning from war, he discovers that his girlfriend has married someone else and started a family. Struggling to find employment, Frank resorts to selling hot dogs until his customers are taken away by a hot dog van. Left adrift, he gains unexpected fame when he beats up two abusive skinheads on a bus. Nicknamed "Bad Ass," he becomes a celebrated figure, with his face appearing on T-shirts and graffiti. He is even invited on talk shows and offered ride-alongs by the police.  Frank's life takes a turn when his mother, Juanita, passes away, leaving him her house and dog. His best friend and fellow veteran, Klondike Washington, moves in with him and entrusts Frank with a USB flash drive meant for Juanita's safe deposit box. However, Klondike is tragically murdered in a dark alley by two thugs, leaving Frank devastated.  Feeling let down by the police's lack of progress in solving Klondike's murder, Frank takes it upon himself to investigate. He discovers a spent cartridge casing and a pendant with a woman's picture at the crime scene. The pendant leads him to a pawn shop where he learns it belongs to a man named Terence. Returning the pendant to Terence's wife, Frank learns that Terence is playing basketball with friends. After confronting them, Frank discovers that Renaldo might know Terence's whereabouts.  Frank tracks down Renaldo and learns that Terence is with his girlfriend. After finding her at a massage parlor, Frank follows her and breaks into her house. He interrogates Terence about his boss, who ordered Klondike's murder. Frank discovers that Klondike was killed because he possessed the flash drive, which contains information about an oil well project connected to Mayor Williams.  Alongside his quest for justice, Frank saves Amber and her son Martin from Amber's abusive husband. He becomes their friend and offers them shelter while repairing their front door. During a dinner at Amber's house, Frank asks for a matchbook as a memento, but their moment is interrupted by Martin, Jr.  Frank eventually hands the flash drive to Officer Malark and confronts Panther, the drug lord responsible for Klondike's murder. However, Frank is captured, tortured, and subjected to electrocution to reveal the flash drive's location. Despite the pain, Frank refuses to surrender the drive. Panther discovers Frank's address in his wallet and heads there, threatening to harm Amber. Frank arrives just in time to save her and engages in a fight with Panther.  Their battle spills into the front yard, where Amber jumps on Panther's back, buying Frank enough time to recover and defeat him. Panther is arrested, and the news exposes Mayor Williams' involvement in the scandal. Frank, Amber, and Martin find happiness together as they move forward with their lives.
After exposing Mayor Williams's corruption and helping in the arrest of his partner Panther, Frank Vega has opened a community boxing center, becoming a coach to kids in the ring and outside of it. He shares his building with Bernie Pope; a grumpy man who suffers from agoraphobia and operates the liquor store on the first floor.   Frank forms a special bond with Manny Parks, his star pupil who is getting ready to debut for his professional match. Frank and Manny watch a video of his upcoming opponent but Manny leaves early after receiving a text message. Before leaving he gifts Frank a cellphone with a video he recorded on it for him. The video is Manny thanking Frank for everything he has done for him and how much Frank means to him becoming a second father after the death of Manny’s Father.   Manny meets with Adolfo Herrera, his boss who is angry with Manny for skimming his profits. Adolfo's men try to kill Manny but Frank's training allows Manny to fight back and beat them, but after turning his back to stare down Adolfo, Manny is stabbed from behind and killed instantly.   News reaches Frank, who is heartbroken and later attends Manny's memorial at his house comforting his mom Rosaria and little sister Julia. Rosaria asks Frank for help in finding Manny's killers but Frank doesn't give a clear answer. Back at his building he and Bernie argue again but are then confronted by armed men wanting rob Bernie. Frank fights them off saving Bernie, he later learns from his friend Officer Malark that Manny had narcotic pills on him indicating he died due to drug dealing. Angry at the revelation Frank scolds his students in the morning that he will not tolerate drug dealing in his gym, after which he talks to Tucson, his other close student, and Manny's friend about Manny's dealing but Tucson denies any knowledge. Frank doesn't believe him and tails Tucson to an apartment complex where he receives pills to distribute. Frank interrogates Tucson who reveals Manny sold the pills for a few months to support his family but was going to quit after his pro debut match.   Frank breaks into the dealers' room, assaults them, and burns their product resulting in Adolfo informing his father Leandro Herrera; an Argentina diplomat, and the local Cartel Leader about Frank's actions. Frank back at his home gets drunk after tearfully playing Manny's video again, he tries to wake Bernie to buy more alcohol but Bernie doesn't answer prompting Frank to leave. He is confronted by Adolfo's men who taunt him by insulting Manny. Frank tries to defend himself but his intoxication and the many men are too much for him. Before he is killed, Bernie finally breaks his phobia and saves Frank by beating the men with a hockey stick. Frank tortures one of the men for info but only gets Adolfo's name.   Bernie patches Frank up and opens up about his past. Bernie was a talented hockey player in the minor leagues whose dream was to be the first African-American to play in the National Hockey League but was forced to retire early due to an injury, later on, he developed a rare liver disease and can't be put on a donor list due to his age giving him six months at most to live. Bernie tells Frank he wants to help him with the time he has left, Frank accepts and the two set out to find Adolfo.   Bernie takes Frank to his old Ford Bronco II to drive, but it is broken down from years of neglect forcing them to use the city bus to the dealers' apartment. The place is cleared out, so Frank decides to ask his friend Carmen (a flirtatious police officer) to give him Manny's belongings from the evidence room. She refuses at first not wanting to risk her job but Frank convinces her to give him Manny's stuff.   Frank and Bernie go through Manny’s contact list and locates his supplier 'Hammer' at his college dorm, where Frank after a brief fight uses a fan to injure Hammer's genitalia for Adolfo's whereabouts.   Adolfo later much to his frustration hears from his right-hand man about Frank surviving the Hit and what he did to Hammer. In retaliation he blows up the Bad Asses’ building, forcing them to stay with Rosaria in the meantime. The Bad Asses use the info from Hammer to find Adolfo at his vacation home, break in, and stab Adolfo in the eye with an ice pick. They force him to set up Leandro at a location where Frank makes the arrest, though Leandro is unbothered by the situation. Frank informs Rosaria who is happy about the news and the two become romantically close.   Frank's celebration about the arrest and having his insurance cover the cost of repairing his building is cut short when Malark tells him Leandro has diplomatic immunity and can't be arrested without solid proof of his crimes. Furious Frank and Bernie use a taxi to follow Leandro to a meat packing plant which Leandro is using as a front to deliver his drugs. They are caught, tortured, and left to die in a freezer till Frank uses a charm bracelet, Julia gave to him to cut his and Bernie's bindings. They escape to Rosaria's home to find she has been taken by Adolfo, Julia tells Frank to use the tracker app on his phone she set up to find Rosaria. Before they can rescue her the taxi leaves due to their limited funds but Tucson arrives with Bernie's repaired truck.   The Bad Asses chase down Adolfo, after avoiding being shot at by his men and destroying their helicopter with a grenade, they capture Adolfo and force Leandro into a trade for Rosaria. Leandro agrees and meets the two for the trade. Rosaria is returned, and she tries to warn Frank that Leandro has a hidden gunman in his vehicle, but Bernie kills him at the last second with his old gun from the truck’s glove compartment he thought was unusable. The rest of Leandro's men arrive, and arrogantly he challenges Frank to a fistfight bringing up Manny as well. Leandro is dominant at first but Frank's fury also him to violently beat him to death, with the police arriving later to arrest Adolfo and the gunmen.   Frank and everyone celebrate defeating the Herreras, Frank and Rosaria continue to be involved with each other, and Bernie is recovering from successful surgery having taken the dead Leandro's liver along with Hammer's girlfriend he flirted with earlier.
When Baton Rouge police detective Bud Carter arrests contract killer Jesse Weiland, he convinces Jesse to help the police to destroy the South's most powerful crime ring. When the syndicate orders Carter's death and Weiland is identified as an informant, the two team up to fight the mob and catch the crime boss who ordered the hit.
In 2002, Dr. Frank Tassone is superintendent of the Roslyn Union Free School District on Long Island. He and assistant superintendent Pam Gluckin have overseen major improvements in the district, with Roslyn High School becoming the fourth-ranked public school in the country. The school's performance stimulates the local economy, reaping rewards for school board president and real estate broker Bob Spicer. Beloved by students and parents, Frank claims to have lost his wife several years ago, and rejects advances from some of the local mothers. Attending a conference in Las Vegas, he begins an affair with his former student Kyle Contreras whom he meets at a bar.  Student reporter Rachel Bhargava is writing an article for the Roslyn High School paper about a skywalk the school plans to construct, and Frank blithely encourages her to treat her article as any top journalist would. She investigates the project, to Pam's irritation, and notices irregularities in the district's finances. It is revealed that Pam has a fraudulent district expense card, which she encourages her niece Jenny, a district clerk, to use. When Pam's son uses the card to shop for thousands of dollars' worth of construction materials for her home renovation, Bob is alerted by a relative working at the store.  Bob and the school board confront Pam, realizing she has embezzled at least $250,000 in taxpayer funds. Frank persuades them to handle the matter quietly, detailing the consequences a public scandal would have on the school and community. They agree to conceal the embezzlement, forcing Pam to pay restitution and resign; the board announces her abrupt "retirement." Convincing district auditor Phil Metzger to falsify the financial records, Frank appoints him as Pam's temporary replacement. He transfers Jenny to a less visible "special utilities" role, threatening to expose her own misuse of funds when she implies blackmailing him.  Rachel continues her investigation, uncovering evidence of the embezzlement in supply orders that were never fulfilled and massive consulting fees paid to unknown companies, including Pam's husband's car dealership. She finds an annual expense of $803,000 to Wordpower Tech and visits the address, which she discovers is a Manhattan apartment. A man answers the door and Rachel leaves, but she and Frank spot each other when he arrives and enters the same apartment. The man is Tom Tuggiero, Frank's husband, and Rachel realizes Wordpower Tech is a front created by Frank, a co-conspirator in the embezzlement. Frank later warns Rachel of the potential fallout for exposing the story.  Phil informs Frank of an incriminating expense: Frank used district funds on first-class tickets to fly himself and Kyle by Concorde to London. Frank threatens to place blame squarely on Phil for failing to catch Pam's scheme and taking part in the cover-up. Phil agrees to keep quiet, but Rachel publishes her story in the school paper, exposing Frank's key role in the embezzlement. Insisting he acted in the school's best interest, Frank pleads with Bob not to confirm the scandal until the school budget is approved, but Bob and the school board report the cover-up in its entirety.  Pam, Jenny, and Phil are arrested; when the authorities threaten to prosecute her family, she agrees to testify against Frank and turns over evidence of the scheme. Tom is informed of Frank's second life with Kyle, and Rachel becomes the school paper's editor-in-chief. Frank resigns, flees to Nevada with tens of thousands of dollars in cash, and moves in with Kyle in a house he bought for him. He is eventually arrested, returned to New York, and convicted. In prison, Frank fantasizes about being back at Roslyn, where he is congratulated for making the school #1 in the country.  An epilogue reveals that Frank was convicted of embezzling $2.2 million and sentenced to 4 to 12 years in prison. Pam, who pled guilty to embezzling $4.3 million and testified against Frank, was sentenced to 3 to 9 years in prison. A total of $11 million was embezzled, the largest school theft in American history. Due to an oversight in state pension regulations, Frank is still slated to receive his teacher's pension of $173,495.04 per year.
The comedy follows the activities of four grandmothers whose lives seem normal and unremarkable. After they accidentally kill a sleazy insurance agent, a con man whom the insurance agent owed money to, comes looking for his money.  Things go from bad to worse when the four grandmas go to work covering up the crime and trying to outwit the con man.
Monica Reeves, a high school senior, is determined to become prom queen and is planning to go to MIT or a state university. She prepares herself the day before prom so she can save time when it comes, and thinks nothing will go wrong. On the big day, however, she wakes up with a bad hair day, and everything that can go wrong does: Her prom dress is destroyed, and her shoes break.  Monica answers the door to a woman claiming to be an FBI agent. The woman, Liz Morgan, seeks a necklace that Monica purchased at an antique shop, wanting to recover it and get her job back. In verifying Liz's credentials, Monica discovers that Liz is not actually an FBI agent but a private investigator. Monica smartly deduces Liz's claim, and she coaxes Liz into giving her a ride around town to fix her hair, replace her outfit, and take her to get driving lessons in exchange for the necklace.  Prom day goes from bad to worse as the pair is pursued by Pierce Peters, an intelligent British jewel thief who is also pursuing the diamond to give it to a buyer. Meanwhile, Monica finds that she cannot get an appointment to fix her hair or replace her dress and shoes. Furthermore, her supposed boyfriend Kyle has been cheating on her with her school rival, Ashley, who is also running for prom queen.  After Liz tries to retaliate by scaring Monica's boyfriend with an arrest on trumped-up charges, Liz gets arrested and Monica learns that Liz is a suspended police officer who has been scolded by the police chief from her department who is also her mother after her previous failures in catching Pierce. While Liz is being scolded, Monica meets her former partner, Ed.  Afterward, Liz confesses that the necklace had a priceless diamond that was on display at a museum that was stolen by Peters, a crime she felt guilty for allowing to take place, as she believed that she could handle it without calling for backup. The diamond was on the verge of being sold to a shady buyer wearing "the safari look," but was passed along to someone else by mistake with a similar look and subsequently lost in various exchanges.  When the time comes to take her driving lesson, Monica talks the instructor and Liz into letting them use her car, named Brando, when suddenly they encounter Pierce and are taken on a wild ride throughout the city. After Monica fails her driving lesson and Liz gets her car towed away, they argue over their predicament, splitting the two of them up. Pierce makes a phone call to Monica, informing her that he kidnapped her father. Monica and Liz work together to get the car back.  Arriving at Pierce's hideout, Liz states that she can't transfer to another police station to get away from the police chief because the police chief is her mother. Monica and Liz are lured into a trap by Pierce, but they outsmart him. After being tasered by Liz, Pierce is arrested by the police. Liz calls for backup.  In the end, Liz is reinstated on the force by her mother. Liz then sorts out Monica's hair and clothes. Monica and Liz go to the prom (with a full police procession), where Monica is told that she has been voted prom queen after her ex-boyfriend's infidelity went viral. Monica tells the crowd that being perfect is overrated, and all enjoy the night. She also decides to go to MIT.
Rich is a sex addict who ruins every relationship through infidelity. He wishes that his penis would leave him alone. He wakes up one day to find his penis has taken on human form.
A SWAT team barges into a school library to find a student holding an axe and surrounded by savaged bodies, before the film goes back eight hours previously. Six unruly prep school students are forced to serve Saturday detention for eight hours at Crestview Academy, where psychologist Dr. Day conducts psychological testing on the students to examine their personalities and trigger their demeanors, recording each session in the process. When Headmaster Nash gives an expulsion notice to low-income student Matt Clark, Matt convinces him to change it to an eight-hour detention on Saturday. Matt serves the detention with the awkward Tarek Ahmed, the jock Craig Cook, the sly Goth girl Veronica Harmon, the prissy and asthmatic Megan McDurst, and the popular girl Tricia Wilkes.  For their detention, Dr. Day takes away their phones, restricts their internet reach, and gives them an assignment to write the school's history. He then locks the students alone in the school's new library, which has had some further remodeling by the janitor, Max, with his addition of Native American portraits and an Apache statue. The students believe the library is haunted. They realize they have mutually dysfunctional family lives, though they have their differences with each other, sparked from prior encounters which have been recorded on camera. Veronica hides Megan's inhaler and frames Tarek, leading to Megan having an asthma attack and dying.  With limited computer access to the school's databanks, Veronica begins work on their history project. They learn how land was stolen from an Apache tribe in the 1870s by General Andrew Winston Clarke, which was then taken over by the city of Crestview to build the school.  The new library was built on neighboring land that belonged to recently deceased Apache elder Jacob Rainwater.  As the students argue on-and-off, they discover a vent that allows them to navigate to different rooms that are locked. They learn that Matt has an undisclosed criminal background and become suspicious of him. After Tarek goes missing and they return to the library through the vent, they learn that Tricia's mother is the governor, Craig's father is a city councilman, and Megan's father co-owns the (former Rainwater) property on which Tarek's father's company built the library, all of whom made an agreement with the school to ensure their spoiled kids would be guaranteed to graduate in exchange for gifting the library.  A dark storm rages outside the school, tampering with the lights and electronics inside, increasing the students’ fear that there is paranormal activity. Craig falls down the steps in the library and is staked by one of his crutches, dying instantly. Not long after, Tricia admits her mother was the reason why Rainwater lost his house, and Veronica secures evidence on Craig's camera showing that Tricia, Craig, Megan and Tarek had killed Jacob Rainwater at his home to vacate the ownership of the property, leaving no next of kin to take over. Deeply believing in the paranormal, they attempt to contact Jacob's spirit so that Tricia can call a truce, but the spirit rebels and seemingly harms Veronica. The spirit then appears, and Tricia uses a nail gun to commit suicide due to fright.  Dr. Day emerges to reveal his alliance with Veronica. The whole time, they masterminded everyone's paranormal delusions and emotional outbursts, triggered by psychological inkblots tests, all to sell the story and make money. Killed by Dr. Day for trying to escape through the vent, Tarek's dead body is what was used as the ghost. Before Veronica can shoot Matt using the nail gun, Dr. Day abruptly kills her with an axe for poisoning him and causing his diarrhea earlier. Matt is framed for all the murders, as an unexpected booby trap involving the statue severs Dr. Day's head, killing him. A SWAT team barges in to find Matt armed with an axe in the middle of the carnage. Matt is subdued, placed in a straitjacket and gagged.  Max the janitor arrives, revealing he is related to Jacob Rainwater. In the closing credits, Matt is driven away in an ambulance and Tricia's mother, Tarek's father and Craig's father pay off Headmaster Nash in order to clear them of any involvement in the incident.
Harris is an average man who regularly uses an online dating service to seduce women into hookups and then proceeds to ghost them the next morning. On one such date, he meets Riley Miller. When Harris attempts, as usual, to leave before Riley wakes up the next morning, she wakes and tries persistently to get him to stay longer. Harris eventually talks his way into leaving. During the course of the following day, Riley repeatedly texts Harris at work, much to his annoyance. That night, he initially attempts to complete a project for work, but invites Riley over after she sends a nude image. They once again have sex, and she stays the night. The next morning, Harris wakes to a phone call from his job informing him that he missed an important presentation. Riley mentions she accidentally silenced his alarms hours ago and apologizes. Harris, upset, leaves in a hurry, trusting Riley to see herself out.  At work, he manages to smooth things over with his boss Terri Webster, although she isn't pleased. As the day goes on, Riley continues to call and text Harris with apologies, although he ignores her. Upon returning home at the end of the day, Harris is shocked to discover Riley still in his apartment, cooking an apology dinner for him. He sends Riley home, but fails to express to her that he doesn't wish to see her again. He spends the rest of the night playing video games with a teenager online. Their trash-talk gets heated, causing the teenager to leave the game abruptly. Riley continues to call Harris throughout the night and he continues to ignore her. The next day, Harris hangs out with his friends at a bar. Eventually, Riley becomes the topic of conversation and Harris describes her as a lunatic who he slept with twice against his better judgement. Riley, who tracked Harris down via Facebook, overhears this, makes a scene, then storms out, indicating she doesn't want to see him again.  The next day, Riley repeatedly tries to get in contact with Harris, threatening suicide if Harris doesn't "rescue" her. Harris goes to Riley's apartment, finding her seemingly dead on the floor. However, she reveals it was a malicious prank. Harris is furious, shattering a mirror and storming out. The next day, Harris's boss informs him that his Twitter account was hacked, and he is fired as a result. The following day, the police arrest Harris after discovering child pornography on his computer that Harris was unaware of. Harris is convinced Riley is responsible for him getting fired and for downloading the child pornography onto his computer and realizes that a confession is likely the only way for him to avoid prison time. He goes to Riley's apartment, intending to get her to confess while recording their conversation. Riley apologizes for faking her suicide, but refuses to acknowledge hacking his Twitter account or downloading child pornography onto his computer. Harris, frustrated, gets violent, but leaves once Riley screams out for help. The following day, Riley files a restraining order against Harris.  Harris, still determined to get Riley to confess, lures her away from her friends with a fake Facebook account, drugs her, then kidnaps her. He tries to get her to confess at knifepoint and she agrees, although seems confused as to what she's supposed to confess to. She convinces Harris to untie her so she can reapply makeup, pointing out that no one will believe a confession video if she looks disheveled. Once Harris unties her, she attacks him, eventually gaining the upper hand and striking his head repeatedly with a golf club, apparently killing him. Riley leaves into the parking lot but can't find a way past the parking lot's locked gates. She turns around and is suddenly stabbed in the chest and killed by Harris, who seemingly survived her attack on him.   After Riley dies, Harris begins wondering why Riley refused to simply confess. He receives a call from his lawyer informing him that all charges have been dropped due to a confession by Keenan, the teenager from Harris's online video game whom he'd insulted. As Harris processes this, a security guard discovers Harris, his face revealed to be heavily damaged, and Riley's body and calls the police.
A man named Duncan lives with his wife, Sarah, who worries about his constant stress. One day, he schedules an appointment with a gastroenterologist after experiencing a rather serious level of gastric stress the night before. During the appointment, the doctor and nurse spot a large "polyp" in his intestinal tract. After seeing a large amount of stress at a very fast pace from work with his boss placing him in charge of firing employees, where a man his age is in a relationship with his mother, and his wife is making him see a very eccentric therapist who keeps asking about his father issues, something unusual happens. The polyp forms into a 2-foot-tall sentient being, and begins killing each person the creature sees as a source of stress with each day. The local news reports the attacks as having been committed by a rabid racoon.  Duncan's therapist informs him that the creature is the living manifestation of his life's stress built up over time, and that mythology of this type of being states that the best way to eliminate it is to bond with it so it doesn't act so irrationally. In an effort to bond with it, Duncan names this strange anal-dwelling creature Milo.  First, Milo kills his co-worker, then the E.D. doctor he didn't need, yet who wouldn't stop calling him. Soon enough, Milo kills Duncan's boss in an elevator during an investigation by the FBI at his office building. When it finally attacks his father, who apparently had a being of the same species, and begins killing the other being, Duncan loses his grip and moves Milo and himself to a hotel room far away and someplace safe. This doesn't work, much as it seems to at the outset and Milo tracks Sarah down to her house party where a violent battle ensues between Duncan and Milo. Ultimately Duncan dismembers Milo's left arm and legs, and finally saves its life, vowing to never ignore Milo's important influence and make amends with Milo, successfully doing so before Sarah reinserts Milo back up his anus.  Ultimately Milo's bloodline is discovered to be carried on through Duncan's unborn son, the embryo of the new creature being seen in the system of the unborn fetus.
Amy Mitchell is a 32-year-old woman, living in the Chicago suburbs with her kids, Jane and Dylan, her husband, Mike, and their dog, Roscoe. She works as a sales rep for a coffee company, prepares healthful lunches for her children, does their homework for them, goes to all of their extracurricular activities, and is active in the school’s PTA, run by the domineering Gwendolyn James and her cronies, Stacy and Vicky.  When Amy catches Mike cheating on her with a camgirl, she kicks him out and attempts to keep everything together. After a particularly stressful day, Amy publicly quits the PTA due to Gwendolyn's overzealous bake sale. At a nearby bar, she meets Carla, a laid-back, sexually active single mom of one son, Jaxon, and Kiki, a stay-at-home mom of four who admires Amy's dissent. Amy and Carla are irritated to see that Kiki's husband is domineering, expecting her to take care of all the kids and the house without help, while Amy and Kiki are taken aback by Carla's very hands-off approach to parenting.  The three embark on an all-night bender, inspiring Amy to loosen up with her kids: she takes them for rides in Mike's sportscar, gets them lunch from Arby's, forces Dylan to fend for himself to prevent him from being entitled, and takes the overachieving and stressed Jane for a spa day. Amy herself wants to start dating again but is inexperienced as she had a shotgun marriage at 20. She ultimately strikes up a conversation with Jessie Harkness, a kind, handsome single father, whom she had a crush on, which leads to the two of them kissing.   When Amy brings store-bought donut holes to the bake sale, she draws the ire of Gwendolyn, who uses her PTA authority to get Jane benched from the soccer team. Angered, Amy decides to run for PTA president against her. A meet-and-greet at Amy's draws only one visitor, who tells them Gwendolyn has launched a rival party at her own house, catered by Martha Stewart. The other moms and Martha swiftly abandon Gwendolyn's party, when it becomes clear that she intends to lecture them all evening, leading to a successful party at Amy's house. After the party, Jessie shows up (after Carla used Amy's phone to booty-call him), and he and Amy have sex.  Gwendolyn responds to Amy’s antics by putting joints in Jane's locker, framing her and getting her kicked out of the soccer team. Not only do Jane, Dylan and even Roscoe, both go to stay with Mike, who has agreed to an amicable divorce, but Amy‘s boss, Dale Kipler, fires her for taking too much time off.   A despondent Amy stays home during the PTA election but is fired up by Carla and Kiki. At the event, Amy gives an inspiring speech about how overworked moms need to take time off, do fewer and less stressful events, and most importantly, allow themselves to make mistakes. She wins by a landslide and winds up comforting a devastated Gwendolyn, who reveals her life is not perfect as she claimed it to be.  Weeks later, Amy's approach has led to positive changes: Jane has been reinstated to the soccer team and is stressing out less, Dylan is applying himself, Kiki makes her husband help out with the kids, Carla is more responsible and hands-on, Gwendolyn is kinder with everyone, and all of the other moms are feeling more energized. Amy herself gets her job back with much better compensation after Dale sees how much he has taken her for granted, and she continues to see Jessie. Gwendolyn invites Amy, Carla, and Kiki for a day of fun on her husband's private jet.  The end credits feature the cast of the film being interviewed with their real-life mothers.
Kate (Lauren Elizabeth Luthringshausen) and Abby (Jenn McAllister) are heading to school for a field trip for their art history class that will award them extra credit if they attend. Right before Kate joins her classmates to wait for the school bus, she is informed by her parents that they are no longer able to pay for her college education due to another one of her father's failed investments, much to Kate's disappointment.  After a morning spent at an art museum, the class stops at a restaurant for lunch. Although Kate and Abby find the food served repulsive and sickening, their classmates willingly consume it. Kate and Abby decide to eat granola bars Abby brought instead of the served food. While the class is on its way to its next stop after leaving the restaurant, everyone on the bus except for Kate and Abby become nauseous due to the lunch they ate and start vomiting. The teacher, having also eaten the food, brings the class to a motel to spend the night and recover. As Kate and Abby are in the motel asking for rooms, Abby notices an envelope on the counter with the names Viceroy and Monarch written on them.  Meanwhile, Ari (Matt Walsh), gang leader and the owner of a nearby roller skating rink, meets with a driver known as Wheels (Owen Smith) and negotiates a deal. Wheels must drive the two art thieves Ari has hired, who go by the code names Viceroy and Monarch, to help them steal a painting that Ari plans to sell. In return, Wheels will receive a sum of money from the exchange. Wheels agrees to the deal, but on the condition that he will cut off all connections with Ari after this final job. Ari informs Wheels of the motel where the art thieves are to be picked up, which is revealed to be the same motel where Kate and Abby are staying.  Kate and Abby, bored with staying in their room, decide to sneak out of the motel to entertain themselves. To avoid identification, Kate names herself and Abby Viceroy and Monarch when ordering a ride. At the same time, the real Viceroy (Julianna Guill) and Monarch (Judy Marte) are preparing to leave the motel for their job to steal the painting Ari hired them to steal. Kate and Abby exit their rooms and find Wheels waiting in his car in the parking lot. With Wheels thinking that Kate and Abby are Viceroy and Monarch and Kate and Abby thinking that Wheels is their driver, Wheels lets them in and drives off while, unbeknownst to them, two of Ari's henchmen follow. Immediately after they leave, Brian, the driver Kate ordered, shows up and picks up the real Viceroy and Monarch.  Kate and Abby get Wheels to take them to a thrift store as their first stop, while Brian drops Viceroy and Monarch off at the painting's location. Viceroy and Monarch manage to obtain the painting and continue their operation as Kate and Abby continue their fun night out. They almost get caught by the police, but Monarch manages to take them down while Brian watches in surprise and tries to drive away. Viceroy and Monarch hold Brian at gunpoint and demand that he start talking. When Brian tells them that he is just a driver for a ride-share company, Viceroy and Monarch realize that they got into the wrong car and reveal to Brian that they are in fact undercover FBI agents. Meanwhile, as Kate and Abby are getting tattoos, Wheels realizes that they are not actually Viceroy and Monarch and tells them that they have to leave immediately, just as Ari calls his henchmen (who have been following Kate and Abby, thinking they are Viceroy and Monarch) and tells them to bring Viceroy and Monarch to him right away.  Wheels tries to help Kate and Abby escape, but the three encounter Ari's henchmen. Wheels tells Kate and Abby to run while he attempts to fight off the henchmen. However, despite their efforts to escape, Kate and Abby are captured and brought to Ari, who believes they are Viceroy and Monarch. While Abby attempts to explain that they are students, Kate lies and tells Ari that they are Viceroy and Monarch and they have what he wants. Ari holds Abby hostage and demands that Kate get the painting, threatening to kill Abby should she fail. Despite Abby's pleas for Kate to stay with her, Kate runs back to the motel to get help, where she meets the real Viceroy and Monarch, who have been going through the motel's security footage to find who took the ride meant for them.  With no other choice, Viceroy and Monarch get Kate to pose as Monarch (and gets Kate to pose Abby as Viceroy) and deliver the painting to Ari. As Ari waits for his buyer to arrive and authenticate the painting, Wheels (whose name he has already revealed as Andy) comes in and attempts to convince Ari that Kate and Abby are not Viceroy and Monarch. In response, Ari shows Wheels the painting Kate delivered to him, completely torpedoing Wheels' credibility. Ari's buyer comes and authenticates the painting, but just as she finishes, a clown under Ari's extortion arrives and initiates a shootout. In the ensuing gunfire, Viceroy and Monarch and take down Ari's henchmen and buyer. Ari prepares to shoot Kate and Abby for snitching, but Wheels tackles Ari before he does so. As the buyer tries to escape, Brian, who has been waiting outside, runs over her with his car. Viceroy and Monarch come in and meet Abby and Wheels for the first time, and reveal that they were working for an undercover unit specializing in recovering lost and stolen artwork.  The group destroys Brian's car to remove any stray links and Viceroy tells Kate and Abby to keep all events of the night confidential. Wheels takes Kate and Abby back to their motel and, to Kate's pleasant surprise, gives Kate a stack of cash to help with her college fund. Kate and Abby reunite with their class and continue their art history field trip.
While working as parking valets at a restaurant, Sean Falco and Derek Sandoval secretly use the cars entrusted to them by customers to burgle their homes. On one night, however, Sean finds more than he bargained for when he breaks into the house of wealthy patron Cale Erendreich and discovers a woman named Katie being held captive. Unable to free Katie, Sean abandons her, but notifies the police of his discovery. When the police are unable to find any evidence of Katie's abduction, Sean contacts the FBI and files a missing persons report for her.  Cale, meanwhile, brings Katie to a secluded cabin and becomes aware of Sean's knowledge of her abduction. Motivated by a desire to break people down, Cale begins working to destroy Sean's life, including having Sean, Derek, and Sean's parents fired from their jobs. He also savagely beats Riley Seabrook, Sean's girlfriend, after ruining their relationship by leaking a topless photo of her. Cale then kills Derek and his family in their home and stages their deaths as a murder-suicide. Sean is able to take a screenshot of Cale and send it to the FBI.  When Cale fails in his attempt to kill Sean with a bomb, Sean manages to use the GPS in Cale's car to find the cabin where Katie is being held captive. Sean heads off to save her after, while a team of FBI agents also travel to the cabin after deducing that Cale is responsible for a series of similar disappearances. The FBI discover that the property is in the name of Cale's family but are unable to enter the private property without a warrant. Sean finds Katie upon entering the cabin, only to be knocked out by Cale, who reveals that he intends to kill Katie and frame Sean for her murder, along with the deaths of his previous victims. Katie, however, survives Cale's attempt at killing her and frees Sean. As Sean and Katie flee the cabin, Cale pursues. Chasing Sean and Katie through the woods, Cale is ultimately overpowered by Sean and knocked unconscious.  The sound of Cale's gun is also heard by the FBI team, who are able to use the gunshot's noise as probable cause to enter the property. After finding Sean and Katie, the team enters the cabin, where they discover Cale chained up like his victims.
Set 13 years after the first film, Willie Soke remains depressed as ever, upset his "happy ending" did not pan out, as he is again addicted to sex and alcohol. As he tries and fails to kill himself, he is visited by Thurman "The Kid" Merman, who has just turned 21 and works at a sandwich shop called Hungry Hoagies. Unfortunately, Thurman's father has abandoned him and his grandmother has passed on two years before making Willie the closest thing to family he has left. Thurman delivers to Willie a package containing a large sum of cash, and Willie soon finds out it's from Marcus, his former partner who has been released from jail after the events 13 years earlier. Marcus, expressing sincere remorse for betraying Willie, tells Willie he has an opportunity in Chicago that can potentially net them millions, though he is unwilling to disclose the name of his contact. Willie reluctantly agrees, while unsuccessfully trying to help Thurman lose his virginity before he leaves for Chicago.  Upon their arrival, Willie is annoyed to learn that not only is target of the con a charity but that his estranged mother, Sunny, is Marcus' contact. Willie reluctantly agrees since Sunny, who uses "shit stick" as a term of endearment for Willie, is suffering from the early stages of Parkinson's Disease, though he secretly makes a deal with Marcus to cut Sunny out when the time comes. Forced to don the Santa suit once more, Willie is arrested when he beats up a much jollier Santa who Willie mistakenly thinks is a pedophile, but is bailed out by one of the charity's founders, Diane. Though she wants to fire Willie for his behavior, she relents when he agrees to attend AA meetings with her. Diane's husband, the Regent, who also runs the charity and is cheating on Diane with his secretary, orders his head security guard Dorfman to track and follow Willie, becoming suspicious of how much time he's spending with Diane.  Meanwhile, Marcus, after doing recon work, tries to seduce security guard Gina so he can obtain the keys to Regent's office where the charity's safe is kept, but he fails to do so, as Gina is "high maintenance". Elsewhere, Willie starts a sexual relationship with Diane, and he and Sunny start to bond, especially when the two of them rob a mansion together with Willie posing as Santa and Sunny as Mrs. Claus. As they bond over their haul afterward, Sunny gives Willie a gun so he can betray and take revenge on Marcus, despite Willie's insistence that Marcus has changed.  Thurman soon arrives in Chicago, having followed Willie to the city. Willie at first considers leaving him at a laundromat but soon takes him to the charity's shelter. Thurman ends up joining the children's choir, which is set to have a concert on the night of Willie, Sunny, and Marcus's heist. Willie soon encounters Gina, who, thanks to Sunny's prodding, believes Willie wants to sleep with her. They have sex in the bathroom of a bar, and Willie obtains the keys. On the night of the show/robbery, Willie catches Thurman singing, which makes the kid very happy. As Willie cracks the safe, Marcus is about to betray him again, but they escape just as Regent and Dorfman discover the con. However, Sunny reveals she is betraying them both, telling Willie the bullets in the gun she gave him are blanks before shooting Marcus. She tries to escape by disappearing into a crowd of people dressed as Santa at an outdoor party. Willie, Regent, and Dorfman chase her. Despite blending in, Willie catches her and attempts to take the bag of stolen cash by saying the kids need it more. In their struggle, the bag is torn open and the money goes flying into the crowd. Enraged, Sunny attempts to shoot him again, but hits Thurman in his behind instead. Both Sunny and Willie are arrested, but Willie is not charged due to his help in catching Sunny. While he recovers, he is visited in the hospital by Diane who wakes him up with a handjob.  Willie soon takes a job as a janitor at the charity, where he continues to visit Thurman and accepts him as family. He also visits an injured Marcus, but proceeds to "tea bag" him and post pictures of this on Instagram, as revenge against Marcus for doing the same thing to him.
Elizabeth Halsey is a lazy, immoral, manipulative, gold digging teacher at John Adams Middle School in Chicago who curses at her students, drinks heavily, smokes marijuana and lets her kids watch movies so she can sleep through class. She plans to quit teaching and marry her wealthy fiancé, but he dumps her when his mother shows him that Elizabeth is only after his money, so she resumes her job. She tries to win over wealthy substitute teacher Scott Delacorte. Her dedicated and enthusiastic colleague Amy Squirrel also pursues him while Elizabeth rejects advances from the school's gym teacher, Russell Gettis.  Elizabeth plans to have her breasts enlarged and becomes more motivated to do so upon learning Scott's ex-girlfriend had large breasts. However, she cannot afford the $9,300 procedure. Elizabeth attempts to raise money for the surgery through the 7th-grade car wash, wearing provocative clothing and manipulating parents to give her money for more school supplies and tutoring, but her efforts are not enough. Amy informs the principal about Elizabeth's embezzlement, but he dismisses her claims when no evidence is provided. Scott also admits that he is attracted to Amy and only likes Elizabeth as a friend.  Discovering that the teacher of the class with the highest state test scores will receive a $5,700 bonus, Elizabeth decides to change her style of teaching, forcing the class to intensely study To Kill a Mockingbird for the test. However, since it is late in the school year, combined with her unorthodox teaching methods, the students score low on the book quizzes, further frustrating her. Meanwhile, she befriends Russell, as Amy and Scott start dating.  Elizabeth plans to steal the state test answers by impersonating a journalist and seducing Carl Halabi, a state professor in charge of creating and distributing the exams. She convinces Carl to go into his office to have sex, but drugs him and steals the answer key. A month later Elizabeth wins the bonus, completing her needed funds, and books her breast enlargement.  When Elizabeth learns that Amy and Scott are chaperoning an upcoming field trip, she smears an apple with poison ivy and leaves it for Amy, who ends up with blisters covering her face and cannot go. On the trip, Elizabeth seduces Scott. They dry hump and Elizabeth secretly leaves Amy a message through Scott's phone, recording all the action. However, Scott's ever-changing ideals disappoint Elizabeth. After her student Garrett is taunted by his classmates for confessing to an unrequited attraction to a superficial girl in the class named Chase, Elizabeth consoles him and helps make him popular, which prompts her to begin reflecting on her own superficial ways.  Back at the school, Amy switches Elizabeth's desk with her own to trick the janitor into unlocking Elizabeth's sealed drawer. The evidence Amy finds leads her to suspect Elizabeth cheated on the state exam. Amy informs the principal and gets Carl to testify against her. However, Elizabeth took embarrassing photos of Carl while he was drugged and uses them to blackmail him to say she is innocent. Having been informed that her desk was switched, Elizabeth states that teachers in the school use drugs. When the police bring a sniffer dog to search the school, they find Elizabeth's mini liquor bottles, marijuana and OxyContin pills in Amy's classroom, in Elizabeth's desk, leading to Amy getting arrested and transferred to another school by the superintendent. Scott asks Elizabeth to start over, but she rejects him in favor of Russell, having learned they have a lot in common.  When the new school year starts, Elizabeth has reformed. She is kinder to her co-workers, and has started a relationship with Russell, and did not get her breasts enlarged because she feels that it is unnecessary. Elizabeth also has a new position as the new guidance counselor.
The El Royale, once popular with the wealthy until losing its gambling license, is a hotel that straddles the California–Nevada border. In 1959, Felix O'Kelly hides a money bag under the floorboards of his room. His accomplice arrives and shoots him dead. A decade later, Catholic priest Daniel Flynn, singer Darlene Sweet, salesman Laramie Seymour Sullivan, and hippie Emily Summerspring arrive at the hotel, now run solely by heroin addict Miles Miller, and book separate rooms.  Upon checking into the honeymoon suite, Laramie begins removing wiretaps but unexpectedly finds a second set as well. After stealing the hotel's master key, he discovers a secret corridor where every room can be observed through one-way mirrors and filmed with a camera. Laramie sees Darlene singing, Daniel removing the floorboards of his room, and Emily holding a young woman captive.   In the parking lot, Laramie calls into the FBI, revealing himself to be Special Agent Dwight Broadbeck. He is instructed by J. Edgar Hoover to focus on his mission of collecting the surveillance materials the FBI had planted and ignore the 'kidnapping'. Believing the mission has been compromised, Dwight is also told to prevent the guests from leaving. To do so, Dwight disables all their cars.  Daniel invites Darlene to join him for dinner in the hotel lounge. There, Darlene says she is practicing for a performance in Reno and Daniel reveals his memory is deteriorating. While he is getting drinks, she sees him spiking her beverage and she knocks him unconscious with a bottle.   Miles later finds and revives Daniel, telling him that he wants to undertake a confession but Daniel refuses. Miles, looking for the missing master key, leads Daniel to the secret corridor, explaining that he used to regularly film intimate encounters that he had to send to his superiors. Miles also admits to having withheld one incriminating film of a deceased public figure who had been kind to him.   When Daniel leaves to evaluate said film, Miles witnesses through the one-way mirror Dwight attempting to rescue Emily's hostage, who is revealed to be her younger sister, Rose. When Emily kills Dwight with a shotgun, it also shoots out the mirror, revealing the corridor and injuring Miles.  Before these events, Emily had forcibly removed her sister from a dangerous cult, led by Billy Lee. In the present, Rose secretly calls Billy to tell him where she is. A witness to Dwight's murder, Darlene tries to escape but fails due to his tampering with her vehicle.   Daniel arrives and reveals to her that he is Dock O'Kelly, imprisoned since a bank robbery in 1959. Recently paroled, he arrived in disguise to retrieve the money hidden by his brother Felix. Due to Dock's failing memory, he picked the wrong room and tried to drug Darlene to gain access to hers. To gain her trust, he offers to split the cash with her. After retrieving the money, Billy and his cult arrive and take the pair, Emily, and Miles hostage.  In a flashback, Billy tells his cult how people are forced to choose sides and, as an allegory, gets Rose to fight another girl for the chance to sleep with him as Emily watches nearby. In the present, a compliant Rose watches Billy as he interrogates the group and finds the film, which he realizes is more valuable than the money. He forces Emily to choose a color in a game of roulette between her and Miles, and kills her when she loses. Before Billy completes another round of roulette, Dock attacks him, a melee ensues, and a fire begins to spread.   When Darlene implores Miles to pick up a gun and help, it is revealed that he served in the Vietnam War as a sniper and killed 123 people. A defiant Miles kills Billy and his followers, but a distraught Rose stabs him in the stomach before being shot by Dock. Darlene convinces "Father Flynn" to absolve Miles of the guilt over his wartime actions before he dies. They then toss the film into the fire and leave with the money. Sometime later in Reno, Dock attends Darlene's soul performance at a nightclub.
After B. J. steals $20,000, he surprises his best friend, Bobby, and girlfriend, Sue, with an impromptu plan to party together one last time before Bobby and Sue leave rural Texas for college.  B. J. later confides in Bobby that he stole the money from Giff, a local mobster who employs them.  Giff immediately suspects his Mexican security guard, and Bobby and B. J. arrive at work as Giff savagely beats the man.  Concerned that Giff will kill the worker, Bobby confesses to stealing the money, though it does not stop Giff from killing the man.  As they dispose of the body for Giff, Bobby expresses regret that the man still died, and B. J. berates him for getting them all involved. When they can't repay him the money, Giff forces them to agree to rob a cotton mill owned by Big Red, an infamous mob boss who uses it to launder his funds.  Over Bobby's objection, B. J. reveals that Sue was also involved in spending Giff's money, and she is forced to participate in the robbery, too.  When B. J. learns that Bobby and Sue are having an affair and plan to go to the police, he confides in Giff about both situations.  At the police station, the Sheriff obliquely warns Bobby to fulfill his obligations.  Bobby and Sue discuss fleeing the town together, but Giff threatens to rape Sue, if either one backs out. Unable to think of any escape, Bobby and Sue commit to the robbery they were initially forced to agree to.  B. J. visits both Bobby and Sue, harassing them and leaving them wondering how much he knows about their affair.  On the night of the robbery, Bobby and Sue enter Big Red's business as B. J. takes lookout duty.  They find that the safe is empty and the workers have been brutally murdered.  Confused, they return to B. J., only to find that he and Giff have decided to frame them for the crime.  B. J. initially does not believe that Giff murdered the workers, and Giff shoots B. J. when he protests.  Before he can kill Sue and Bobby, Sue tells him that she has contacted Big Red, who she says is on his way as they speak.  Convinced that she is bluffing, Giff attempts to kill the two, who flee further into the cotton mill.  After an extended chase, Giff corners the two on rafters.  Giff taunts Bobby and says that he is actually doing him a favor, as it will save him the pain and humiliation of being dumped by Sue as she finds a more ambitious and sophisticated lover at college.  Bobby rushes Giff, and both he and Giff fall many feet to the ground.  At the same time, Big Red arrives.  Red allows Sue and the wounded Bobby to leave, and the two proclaim their love for each other.  When Giff refuses to reveal the location of Red's missing cash, Red kills him.
Forty-year-old misanthrope Guy Trilby discovers a loophole in the Golden Quill Spelling Bee which stipulates that participants must have not graduated from the eighth grade, allowing him to enter since he dropped out of middle school. He attends and wins a regional spelling bee, and progresses to the national competition after confrontations with both the parents of children and the spelling bee hosts. He is accompanied by Jenny Widgeon, a relatively unknown journalist hoping to make a story out of his participation in the bee. On the flight to the national spelling bee, Guy meets Chaitanya Chopra, a 10-year-old entrant in the bee who persistently attempts to befriend Guy. Upon his arrival in Los Angeles, Guy meets the director of the spelling bee, Dr. Bernice Deagan, who expresses anger at his participation in the bee and places him and his reporter in a cheap hotel. Guy learns that Chaitanya is staying in the same hotel, and takes him out one night to expose Chaitanya to the wilder side of life: stealing food, drinking, and hiring a prostitute to briefly "flash" Chaitanya.  In the bee, Guy actively tries to distract and disconcert his fellow competitors, at one point insinuating that he was sleeping with another contestant's mother and another where he tricks a contestant into thinking that she had gotten her period by placing ketchup (that he had gotten the night before when hanging out with Chaitanya) on her chair. Despite Dr. Deagan's tampering with the word list to give Guy the most difficult words, he spells long, complicated words with relative ease, impressing and angering both parents and staff at the spelling bee, including the event's founder, Dr. William Bowman. However, the parents petition for his disqualification and the resignation of Deagan. While researching Guy's background, Jenny discovers that Bowman is Guy's father. She reveals this to him and he admits that his prime motivation for entering the bee was to embarrass his father in revenge for abandoning him and his mother when he was a child. Soon before the final stage of the bee, Guy overhears Chaitanya and his father discussing his strategy to win, which is to befriend Guy so that he will allow Chaitanya to win out of guilt. Guy storms into the room and ends his friendship with Chaitanya, despite Chaitanya's pleas that he genuinely wanted to be friends. They later sabotage each other: Guy burns Chaitanya's study book, "Todd," and Chaitanya files a false police report, accusing Guy of kidnapping a young girl.  Meanwhile, only ten competitors remain in the bee, and the pool is gradually reduced to just Guy and Chaitanya. When a contestant's mother attacks Guy verbally and is subdued by the police on live television, Bowman is forced to intervene, to his embarrassment. Having accomplished his goal, Guy deliberately misspells a word in an effort to let Chaitanya win. To prove his friendship, Chaitanya also misspells his word, and they soon begin to argue. This escalates into a physical fight, with Chaitanya first kicking Guy in his groin, much to the shock of the audience and when Bowman attempts to intervene, Chaitanya accidentally hits him with a chair. Although the bee is briefly halted, Bowman allows it to continue after deciding that both Guy and Chaitanya acted in an equally embarrassing manner. Their standoff of deliberately misspelling words continues until Guy intentionally misspells Chaitanya's word so that Chaitanya corrects him, thus causing Chaitanya to win the bee inadvertently. As Guy leaves, content, Chaitanya offers to give him half the winnings and names him co-winner of the bee. Guy writes a note to Bowman explaining his actions, which Bowman refuses to read until Guy reveals himself to be his son, and returns home. He resolves his conflict with Chaitanya by buying an old police car from an auction with his share of the winnings, and helping Chaitanya to chase down his school bullies.
Albert (Jon Wachter) works the night shift as a hot-dog vendor on the Lower East Side, where he meets photographer Ivan (Theodore Bouloukos) after having a confrontation with two drunk patrons. Ivan is fascinated by the slow-witted Albert and decides to give him a job working with him at his studio, where he takes fetish photos. Albert is reluctant to participate in Ivan's photos but shows interest in the photography job and lessons that Ivan offers. When Ivan decides to go to a fashion shoot in Milan, he accidentally leaves the studio's keys with Albert- who uses this as an opportunity to lure unsuspecting women to their deaths by enticing them with promises of a modeling shoot.
Pathologically single, 30-something, "Trans-Alliance" airline flight attendant, Montana Moore (Paula Patton) is on a mission to get her overbearing, frequently married, mother (Jenifer Lewis) to stop pressuring her to get married. After being jilted by Graham (Boris Kodjoe), Seat 5C, her only prospect, Montana learns that her younger sister, Sheree (Lauren London), has become engaged.  Montana and her friends, Sam (Adam Brody) and Gail Best (Jill Scott) devise a plan to help her find a potential husband before Sheree's wedding. Rifling through her old contact list on her phone, the pair come up with a "prospective suitors" list. Over the course of 30 days, Montana flies all over the country (with the help of a colorful team of coworkers) hoping to reconnect with a litany of ex-boyfriends that include Langston Jefferson Battle III (Taye Diggs), a misogynistic politician, Damon Diesel (Trey Songz), an irresponsible entertainer and Quinton Jamison (Djimon Hounsou), a commitment shy multi-billionaire.  Though her quest to find a husband proves to be a disaster, Montana is oblivious to the developing romance with William Wright (Derek Luke), her longtime best friend and next-door neighbour. On the night before the wedding, Sheree’s fiancé (Terrence Jenkins) reveals that he does not want to get married yet and that her mother was the one who pressured him to get married with Sheree right away.  Once Montana realizes that she does not need a husband to live a fulfilling life, she finally stands up to her mother and gets her proposal from "Mr. Wright."
Two cousins, raised as sisters, set out to save the family bakery. The owner, their aunt, dies suddenly and unexpectedly. A banker is trying to foreclose on bakery, but is prevented from doing so when it's declared a heritage site. The cousins succeed in saving the bakery.  (In a completely, seemingly unrelated side plot, an old couple tries to kill Daniella and Ian with poisoned tea.)  The movie ends with Vivien and Paul kissing by a tree in a square in Valencia.
Caitlin, who grew up in New York before her family moved to Scotland, attends the funeral of her father, Leonard. Caitlin’s mother, Mary, delivers a graveside speech. Caitlin, supported by her best friend Hannah, returns to her third-year studies at the Glasgow School of Art.  Caitlin attends a seminar given by her lecturer, Fiona. Caitlin is still sad over her father’s passing and Hannah tries to cheer her up with an evening in. In high spirits, they see a guy spraying graffiti on the street corner and chase him down the street and into a party.  The next day, giving a lecture on abstract expressionism, Fiona tells the class that women have been overlooked and written out of history in the art books. It is up to them to change things, says Fiona. Caitlin meets with the guy from the party, Rory, and he invites her on a date to a museum. She accepts, and they talk about art as they view the pieces, agreeing that the time for it to be decorative is past—art should be what you see in the street each day.  Caitlin, who is struggling to settle upon her end-of-year presentation, says that she wants to paint more, and begins work on a huge canvas. Frustrated, she throws paint all over her work, scarring it. Mary, meanwhile, who is also an artist, is struggling to get back to work after Leonard’s death, and likewise trashes her creation. Caitlin gets a text message on her phone and rushes home to see her mum and finds her passed out, drunk. Awakening her, Caitlin explains that she can’t be there for her right now, and Mary assures her that it won’t happen again.  In another lecture, Hannah sits next to Stacey, another student in the class. Caitlin is again working on her canvas and again marring it as she loses her temper. Mary achieves her own small breakthrough as she begins to sketch. Stacey calls Hannah and they agree to go out to dinner despite Hannah having loose plans with Caitlin that evening. When Caitlin later texts her, Hannah texts back that she should join her at the club she’s in. Caitlin dances with Rory, while Hannah gets with Stacey. Both couples wind up back at the house, making out in Caitlin and Hannah’s respective bedrooms, though Rory is too drunk for things to progress.  The next morning, in the kitchen, Caitlin and Hannah have a vicious row in front of Stacey and Rory. It begins over who drank the almond milk but rapidly progresses to more personal resentments. Caitlin storms off to go and paint her canvas. Hannah, working on her own presentation, creates a mosaic of apology notes. She also leaves a conciliatory note in Caitlin’s bedroom, asking her to call her. Caitlin returns home to see her mum and pour out her heart, admitting that she feels threatened by Stacey. Mary soothes her and assures her that Hannah will be feeling every bit as bad.  Back in Glasgow working on her canvas, Caitlin is interrupted by Hannah arriving to apologize. They hug and make up. Rory also turns up later but Caitlin tells him that she just wants to do her own thing right now. For the class’s final lecture, they are visited by Turner Prize-winning Scottish artist Catherine Hendricks, who talks of how her troubled life and celebrated art intersect. Later, Catherine accompanies Fiona to take a look at Caitlin’s presentation. Caitlin tells Catherine of her father’s passing and of how she’s processed it through her work. Catherine informs her that its meaning will change over the years, and then invites Caitlin to be her assistant on a project in London. Caitlin accepts but says that she does her best work in tandem with Hannah, who is also invited along.  Caitlin visits her dad’s grave. She tells him that she is leaving for London and that it feels like things are finally falling into place. Hannah joins her at the grave, takes her hand, and together they walk to the car. They depart the cemetery towards a hopeful future.
In the 1880s, eleven-year-old Félicie, a poor orphan girl who dreams of becoming a ballerina, but lacks formal training, runs away from her orphanage in rural Brittany, France, with her best friend, Victor, a young inventor. Together they go to Paris, but they soon become separated, and Victor becomes an office boy in Gustave Eiffel's workshop. Félicie finds her way to the Paris Opera, where the guard catches her trespassing. She is rescued by a mysterious cleaner with a limp, Odette, who agrees to let Félicie stay with her until she gets on her feet. Odette works for both the Opera and for the cruel and imperious Régine Le Haut, a wealthy restaurant owner. While helping Odette clean, Félicie spies Regine's daughter, Camille, practicing ballet. Camille sees Félicie, insults her, and throws Félicie's treasured music box out of the window, breaking it. As Félicie takes it to Victor for repair, she intercepts the postman who brings a letter from the Opera admitting Camille to the celebrated school of the Paris Opera Ballet partly because of her mother's connection. In her anger, Félicie hides the letter and decides to assume Camille's identity to get into the school and pursue her dream.  Odette agrees to mentor Félicie, who later learns that Odette was a former prima ballerina. Félicie finds her training very difficult, but with Camille's letter of acceptance, she manages to take her place at the ballet school. Mérante, the school's exacting choreographer, announces that one of the girls from the class will be chosen to dance the role of Clara in The Nutcracker. He dismisses the worst dancer in class each day. Félicie improves each day and narrowly avoids elimination. Mérante happens to see Félicie dance passionately in a bar that she and Victor visit, reluctantly admiring her for it. A couple of days before the final elimination, Félicie's lie is discovered: Mérante decides to admit Camille into the class, while also letting Félicie stay, although Félicie's infraction was serious. The night before the final elimination, Félicie neglects training to go out on a date with Rudi, a handsome boy from the school, which disappoints Odette. Victor sees Félicie with Rudi and becomes jealous; he and Félicie argue. The next day, Félicie is late to the audition and unable to perform well, and so the part of Clara goes to Camille.  Regine sends Félicie back to her orphanage, where she loses her spirit. She has a dream about being an infant in the arms of her late mother, a ballerina, who gave her the music box. She decides to return to Paris to help Odette and apologize to Victor. While cleaning the stage, Félicie encounters Camille, and they engage in a dance battle that is witnessed by all the students, Odette and Mérante. Félicie does a grand jeté over a flight of stairs, while Camille cannot. Mérante approaches the two girls and asks them why they dance, to which Camille admits that she dances only because her mother forces her to, while Félicie speaks stirringly of dance as her inheritance and passion. Camille admits that Félicie should dance the role of Clara.  Near Eiffel's workshop, where the Statue of Liberty is being constructed, Félicie invites Victor to the performance. A furiously deranged Régine arrives and chases Félicie up to the crown of the statue, but Victor saves her with aid from Camille and traps Régine in the scaffolding. Arriving at the Opera just in time, Félicie dons Odette's special pointe shoes. Félicie kisses Victor on the cheek, and she performs in The Nutcracker alongside the principal ballerina.
The fifth-year senior preparing to the fun day of flag football on the beach with Caleb, Vicky, and Grant. Little did any of them know that it would be the last time Grant would ever have the chance to play in his beloved sport. Later that day, while Grant was showering, he slipped and fell. His dreams of playing flag football were gone in an instant as a visit to the hospital confirmed news no one wanted to hear; Grant was paralyzed from the waist down. It was devastating news for everyone, but Vicky decided to make the best of it. After Grant was out of the hospital, she proposed to Caleb at her birthday party. But things took an unexpected turn when Caleb said “Yes” without thinking. Caleb felt horrible about the mistake and immediately attempted to take back his answer, but the damage had already been done. In an effort to make up for the mistake, Caleb took on a mission to get the old flag football team back together for an intramural league. Everyone was up for the idea, everyone except Grant. Part of him was in denial that he wouldn’t be playing, but deep-down he knew it wasn’t possible for him anymore. But Caleb was determined not to take no for an answer, and it was up to Vicky and the rest of the team to persuade Grant that it was still possible to be part of the game.  Grant is a determined trainer, using a montage to show just how hard Caleb needs to work in order to become the athlete he dreams of being. As the weeks go by, Caleb continues to train and develops an intense focus on mastering the Triple Z play. However, Caleb finds himself losing confidence as his will fails him at the hardest moment. He's so afraid of possibly blowing the play that he makes a split-second decision to abandon the formation and just runs the ball in himself. Although Grant is frustrated with Caleb's lack of trust in his own abilities, he decides to have some mercy by giving Caleb and Meredith an evening off to enjoy themselves. So, the two go roller skating together for a date night. They have a great time skating around and holding hands, until Homeless Bob and his gang show up to spoil the fun. Caleb and Meredith are scared off by the intimidating group, turning what was supposed to be an evening of romance into a hasty retreat.  Despite the turmoil of his own relationships, Dick is determined to win the intramural football championship. He has devised a strategy to focus on offense instead of defense, a tactic he believes will give them the best chance to win. Although it is a risky move, he is certain it will pay off. Despite Dick's enthusiasm, Caleb is less convinced. He worries that his team won't take the strategy seriously, which is why he gives a stirring motivational speech to his team in an attempt to rally them. Dick's response, However, is to try and pump his team up with harsh words, which are largely met with derision and annoyance. Caleb and his team struggle to embrace the new strategy and it seems like the odds of winning are slim.  Just as things seem to be at their darkest, Vicky proposes to Caleb at her birthday party in front of all of his teammates. He nervously accepts, to everyone's surprise, and suddenly his team is more motivated than before. Because of his newfound engagement, Caleb's team rallies with newfound enthusiasm and manages to start executing Dick's strategy to perfection. Unfortunately, this moment of triumph is quickly overshadowed as it turns out that Dick's strategy was not as effective as many had hoped. Not only that his abrasive attitude and tactics had in fact, ruined Caleb's relationships with both of his women.  Jimmy was blessed with a beautiful singing voice. He used it to captivate Thad, the star of the football team, until he eventually fell under Jimmy's spell. As Jimmy sang, Thad was entranced unable to move or take his eyes off Jimmy. Jimmy then used the opportunity to snatch the football away from Thad and race off with it, leaving Thad stunned and bewildered. Jimmy's singing had made Thad completely forget about the football and be oblivious to the world around him. Jimmy's quick wit and charming singing voice had been the perfect tools to fool his opponent and steal the football. Even now, Thad still can't believe what happened and still wonders to himself how it could have happened. Jimmy's voice is powerful and he certainly knows how to use it to his advantage.  They won the football game, surprising everyone and making the hometown crowd roar with joy. Then out of nowhere Caleb got the girl confessing on the field that he'd been admiring her from afar since before the game started. It was a touching moment that filled the hearts of everyone watching with warmth and happiness. But just when it seemed like the night couldn't get any better, Grant, a Panther's team member, unexpectedly revealed to the crowd that he had been lying about his disability; while he had a medical condition, it was making much better and he wanted to prove he could still play football with the best of them. The crowd was in shock then erupted in rapturous applause in appreciation of his bravery. It was a night no Panthers fan will ever forget.
An engaged guy is forced by his future father-in-law to take a side job moonlighting as an exotic dancer in order to pay for an extravagant wedding neither of them can afford.
High school friends April and Nick start dating and are together for two years, until they break up during their senior year after learning that they have applied to different colleges and would be unable to make a long distance relationship work. During the summer before college, April finds out Nick is dating someone new named Clara.  April goes to a party with her other friends, Molly and Sally, and Clara shows up at the party with Nick and April’s mutual friend, Ben. April texts Ben to meet with her to try and find out more about Clara, and then spends the rest of the party hiding in bedrooms from her until Clara finds her and introduces herself. April is surprised to discover how much she has in common with Clara, and the two end up having a great time together at the party. At the end of the night, Clara puts her phone number on April’s phone.  Clara and April start spending time together, drawn to each other by their similar tastes and attitudes. They set up rules to never talk about Nick or tell Nick about their friendship, although Ben is aware of their friendship. They become best friends and one night April invites Clara over to her home for dinner. Things go awry when April’s little sister, Agnes, who is also “obsessed” with Nick, reveals that Clara is Nick's current girlfriend to their mother, making everything awkward.  Orientation is just around the corner and Nick’s birthday arrives, prompting April to send him a message wishing him a happy birthday. This angers Clara when she finds out.  One last high school party takes place and April tries to avoid going since Clara and Nick will be there together. She goes out with Sally and Molly but changes her mind and ends up alone at the party. There, trying to avoid Clara and Nick, she spends the time dancing and doing shots with Ben. Nick decides it's awkward not to say hello and goes to “introduce" Clara to April in a tension filled moment. Clara and Nick leave together and so do April and Ben.  On the ride home April is mad at herself for putting herself in that situation and yells at Ben, who ends up kissing her. The Lyft driver orders them to get off the car due to the yelling and April and Ben start making out until she decides to stop since it's a stupid move. The next day she wakes up with a text from Nick saying he's outside of her house and wants to see her. They spend the day together and later admit they still have feelings for each other and kiss.  Later, Clara storms into the movie theater where April works and throws a client's Icee drink in April's face, yelling that Nick dumped her. April follows her and they start yelling at each other. April says something hurtful prompting Clara to leave. April gets fired. With just a few days left before orientation, April tries to put her affairs in order. Ben and her together tell Nick what happened between them and Nick punches Ben. She also comes clean to Nick about being Clara’s friend. Nick and Ben eventually make up.  The night before she leaves, April is enjoying a nice family dinner with her mother and sister, without yelling for once. Later, someone knocks at the door and it's Clara. They both apologize to each other and make up, deciding to spend their last night together doing something fun.
A married couple (Zoe Lister-Jones, Adam Pally), who fight non-stop, attempt to save their marriage by turning their arguments into songs.
When Huck Finn is released from jail he is greeted by his lifelong friend, Tom Sawyer, now an underachieving cop who just can't let go of their childhood dreams of wealth and glory. Tom convinces the reluctant Huck and their bumbling friends Joe Harper and Ben Rogers to rob a pawnshop where their friend and contact, the alcoholic vagrant Muff Potter, believes Injun Joe, a savage and murderous white career criminal who admires and appropriates Native American culture, has hidden Murrell's treasure. Tom explains that robbing bad guys makes them the good guys. Things get complicated when Tom's commander assigns him to train Becky Thatcher, an eager-to-please rookie partner, and the hung-over band of robbers' heist goes awry. But that doesn't stop Tom; instead, he leads the band on a wild treasure hunt from one mysterious clue to another. When Huck's friend, Mexican day laborer Jorge Jimenez, is mistaken as part of the band's activities and arrested, Huck and Tom, on the run from a vengeful Injun Joe and the police, lead the band on a mission to rescue him and be "heroes".
A story about a youth named Justin (Thai Ngo) who grows up on the streets of San Diego, and who dreams of becoming a rapper. Meanwhile, he befriends a parachute kid Taiwanese gangster named Charlie (David Huynh) and deals with other gang leaders such as Rocky (Wally Randolph or Walter Wong).
James Hirsch, a young man, is investigating the government experiment Project MKUltra. With a friend filming him, James takes the drug used in the experiments, dimethyltryptamine-19 (DMT-19). Bizarre music and voices broadcast from a nearby radio. A shadowy figure comes and leaves James with all-black eyes and a disfigured face.  Anne, a reporter who attended college with James, is concerned over his disappearance. James's friend also mysteriously disappeared a few days after he was questioned by the police. Anne investigates James's house and discovers a betamax cassette that contains footage of the MKUltra experiments as well as a book of notes about the project. Anne goes to a local expert and discovers that the bizarre radio broadcast heard by James is a phantom radio station which can only be tuned into in the desert, at a certain time of night. Anne drives out into the desert after dark and picks up the broadcast, but flees when a monstrous form appears from the darkness.  Anne discovers that a mention of "Friends in Colorado" in James's notes is related to counter-culture writer Thomas Blackburn, who is known for his drug use and unpredictable behavior. She contacts him by phone and is angrily rebuffed when she mentions Project MKUltra. Anne travels to Blackburn's home and lies to gain his confidence. Thomas sees through her ruse and tricks her into taking DMT-19 that his friend Callie made. Anne is angry at the deception, and Callie begins exhibiting the same behaviors and disfigurement that James did. Anne hears the bizarre music played by the phantom station, goes to investigate, and is attacked by a strange entity. Anne and Thomas awaken to find Callie missing. They head to Callie's house to find out more about the DMT-19. Anne is nearly captured by Callie, who is now controlled by the entity. She and Thomas realize that DMT-19 works as a "radio antenna" that allows otherworldly entities to broadcast signals to people on the drug as well as take over their bodies. The government never came up with DMT-19 but instead received instructions from the otherworldly entities and made the drug without realizing the full implication of their actions. In addition to the base chemical compound, scientists were adding harvested material from the pineal gland of a female corpse, dubbed the "Primary Source", who returned to life during an experiment and attacked one of the doctors.  Anne realizes the signal is likely coming from the laboratory that performed the Project MKUltra experiments. Thomas reveals that he lied about giving her DMT-19. Realizing that the entity will pursue her regardless, Anne resolves to end the broadcast. She and Thomas travel into the desert and discover the laboratory in an abandoned fallout shelter, taking a can of gasoline to burn whatever they find. Inside, they discover a room full of radio equipment and a large tank. A pale figure with black eyes resides within a small porthole built into the side (implied to be the "Primary Source"). The radio equipment comes to life and broadcasts the numbers station.  Anne hunts for the gasoline can, avoiding a grotesque figure who chases her. Thomas begins to bleed from the eyes and convulse. Apologizing to Anne, he shoots himself in the head. In a frenzy, Anne smashes open the porthole in the tank, pours the gasoline inside, and throws a lighter scavenged from Thomas' corpse. The resulting explosion knocks Anne unconscious. When she comes to, she finds the clothing worn by James before his disappearance lying outside in the hallway, implying that the creature chasing her was "wearing" James.  Anne is taken into police custody and one of her co-workers visits. She and Anne discuss the tape that Anne discovered. Part of the tape was erased, but was retrieved by a video forensics company. Anne cannot understand why James's friend disappeared, as he never took the drug. She hears the phantom broadcast issuing from the intercom and realizes that the effects of the drug can be passed along by human touch, as she still saw the creatures despite never having taken the drug. She turns to discover that her co-worker (whose hand she held moments before) has been taken over by the entities. Recovered footage on the tape reveals that a college-age Thomas Blackburn was a test subject in Project MKUltra.
Calvin (Ice Cube) loves Chicago, his hometown and the place where he has been running his barbershop business in addition to supporting his family. Unfortunately the city has become plagued by gang violence and criminal activity as of late, and tensions have begun to rise, especially in Calvin's neighborhood.  Eddie (Cedric The Entertainer) comes running into the barbershop frightened because he claims to have made a comment at some thugs over their pants sagging. Eddie gets Calvin panicked as the door starts banging, but it's really just a delivery man bringing Eddie his breakfast, to Calvin's annoyance.  Calvin and Angie (Regina Hall) now run the barbershop. It has a separate section for women to work, with new recruits Bree (Margot Bingham) and Draya (Minaj). On the men's side are Jerrod (Lamorne Morris), Raja (Utkarsh Ambudkar), and Rashad (Common), new husband of Terri (Eve). Isaac (Troy Garity) and Jimmy (Sean Patrick Thomas) no longer work there, but still keep in touch as customers. JD (Anderson), the estranged cousin of former barber Ricky, has given up a life of crime and now runs a food truck business.  However, Calvin openly lies about what he does with the barbershop proceeds, claiming that he donates the money to charity. In truth, he and his overbearing grandmother (Auntie Fee) keep the money for themselves.   The shop also has a boy named Anthony Clark (Torion Sellers) working there while he puts his focus on school. Rashad's son Kenny (Diallo Thompson) has been hanging out with Calvin's son Jalen (Michael Rainey, Jr.). The boys come in one morning before school, and Calvin catches Kenny trying to swipe two Snickers bars.  Outside members of the Gangster Disciples pull up and try to steal the boys' sneakers, until the Vice Lords from the area appear and tell the other gang to step off. The Vice Lords leader, Yummy (Tyga) is friendly with the boys, assuming that they are willing to join his gang, and hands each boy a $100 bill.  The men and women of the barbershop converse on the subject of modern women, with Bree arguing that good women are always losing to the "hoes," and that men complain about women having fake body parts but still lust after those same women. Another topic of discussion is racism against black people, which Raja disagrees with on the basis that the country has a black President, to which Rashad counters that Obama, a former Chicago resident, has done nothing when news  involving murdered black children have been all over the media. Still, Raja insists that there has never been a better time to be a black person.  Calvin has recently been talking to a smooth-talking businessman called One-Stop (J. B. Smoove) about taking the barbershop business from the south side to the north side to avoid the dangers in the streets. Only Calvin's wife Jennifer (Jazsmin Lewis) is aware of this, and she's only considering for Jalen's sake.  A regular client, Jay (Renell Gibbs), enters for an appointment with Draya, but another man, Marquis (Jamal Woolard), shows up and clearly has a beef with Jay. The two men nearly fight in the shop as it is revealed they are both "shot callers" from rival gangs, until Calvin and Rashad intervene.  Jalen and Kenny get in trouble at school after being involved in a fight with the gang from earlier that morning. Jalen is unharmed but Kenny has a bruise under his eye. It pushes Calvin to consider putting his son in Catholic school, and also makes him trust Kenny even less, to the point where he confronts Rashad and tells him their sons shouldn't be hanging out so much. Things get more serious when Jennifer goes through her son's dresser drawers and finds gang paraphernalia.  With trouble going on in the neighborhood, Jimmy stops by and says there is an enclosure with heavy police presence. The members of the shop band together to organize a forum that night with the community to set up a ceasefire, along with free haircuts to anyone that passes by.  Outside the shop, Terri becomes suspicious of Draya for being flirty and close to Rashad. He offers to take Draya home one evening on his way to pick up his daughter. Draya invites Rashad up to her apartment to talk but Rashad knows what's up, even if she denies it being sexual and declines her offer.  The barbershop team set up for Jay and Marquis to arrive at the same time so they can get involved in the ceasefire. After a bit of tension and another near-altercation, both men agree to the ceasefire out of respect for Calvin. Over the weekend, the ceasefire begins. Jerrod and Raja put the word out on Twitter for people to come to the barbershop. A large number of people show up, and things appear to be going smoothly.  While at the barbershop, Rashad goes in the supply room in the back of the shop to grab some items, and Draya does as well. He apologizes for misinterpreting her motives from the other night. She forgives him but then tries to kiss him. Terri enters and heads into the back, looking for Rashad. She catches Rashad and Draya both hiding in the supply closet after he ignored her calling his name, leading her to believe they were hooking up. Terri attempts to fight Draya, chasing her to the front of the shop, however Calvin and others stop her. Terri storms out and Rashad follows to try and explain himself, but she doesn't believe or trust him.  As the shop celebrates a day of peace, Officer Terrence (Timon Kyle Durett) stops by to announce the tragic news that Anthony was shot to death on his way home from the library. Understandably devastated, Calvin gives up on the ceasefire and loses hope that they can make a difference in the neighborhood. The tension leads to Rashad revealing Calvin's intentions to move the shop to the north side of the city (after overhearing his conversation on a phone call) which infuriates Angie, since Calvin kept his plans from her.  Calvin storms out of the shop and goes to the bar, with Eddie joining him. He tries to assure Calvin that although Anthony's death was a tragic loss, they still may have prevented even more gunshot deaths. That inspires Calvin to return to his shop and apologize, while also re-starting the ceasefire. Almost immediately the shop gets a visit from Anthony Davis, which brings more attention to the shop.  By evening the shop has even more business including media coverage, as well as becoming a trending topic on Twitter. JD brings his food truck and racks up some nice business as well, until his lies catch up to him and is guilt-tripped into giving up a substantial amount of his earnings to a real charity. Terri returns to the shop and sees Rashad. She apologizes for accusing him of adultery and they reconcile.  Kenny runs into the shop and tells Calvin that Jalen is at the park ready for a gang initiation, from which Kenny had priviously backed out. Calvin rushes to the park and Jalen is seen approaching Yummy about the initiation. When Calvin gets there, the gang has left, but Jalen stayed behind. Without a word he joins his father.  In the morning, the ceasefire comes to an end and the shop celebrates. Everyone begins to go home. Bree and Jerrod walk together, and they admit they have feelings for each other. They set up a dinner date for the next night. Draya later visits Terri and apologizes for coming onto Rashad, saying that she feels that Terri has her life figured out while Draya doesn't. Terri forgives her and Draya offers a proposition for the couple.  Jalen visits his dad at the shop asking him to cut his hair. Calvin obliges and cuts off his dreads. They reaffirm they love each other and Calvin tells Jalen to sweep the floor. Calvin says that he still loves his city, and he never gave up on it, since it had never given up on him. Father and son join Jennifer, Rashad, Terri and the kids.  During the closing credits, the shop gets an unexpected visit from President Obama (Reggie Brown). Eddie volunteers to give the man a haircut after earlier claiming to have cut his hair years ago. Visibly nervous, Eddie messes up and accidentally shaves a good part on the back of the President's head.
A mermaid and her four dolphin companions hide from a ship. The youngest dolphin, named Emerald, curiously goes near the boat and is instantly captured as a rare "gemstone dolphin", as there is a mysterious woman offering a reward for these. The mermaid tells the dolphins to stay put and sets off in pursuit of the boat.  Meanwhile, Ken has taken an internship at a marine biology institute, and has arranged for Barbie and her sisters to stay in a beachside cabin nearby. While scuba diving, Skipper notices a strange animal heading towards the institute, and they follow it in the boat. Upon arrival, they find the perfectly healthy dolphin imprisoned in a cove modified into a recovery tank. Ken concludes that Emerald must have accidentally gotten in when the gate was open. Marlo, the institute's director, stops them from letting Emerald out, saying she has to wait until a vet can see him per protocol.  Once the group leaves, the 'animal' appears and reveals itself as the mermaid, who magically turns her tail to legs and tries to free the dolphin herself; however, Marlo has locked the gate. Barbie spots her, and tells her what Marlo said. The mermaid introduces herself as Isla, and reluctantly agrees to trust Barbie and return next afternoon when the Vet is supposed to be there. The sisters offer her a bed in the cabin, and she proceeds to amuse and puzzle them with her lack of experience with such simple concepts as mattresses, toothbrushes, sisters, dogs, and even sandwiches.  The next day, Emerald's family Ruby, Topaz, and Amethyst show up, and Isla reveals her secret to Barbie while swearing her to silence about it, which Barbie agrees to keep on condition that Isla teach her how to swim like a mermaid. They hear Emerald's cries through a cave, and realize there is an underwater tunnel from the bay into the cove. Isla and the Dolphins try to find the way through to free Emerald, but the cave system is too complex, and they have to give up. Meanwhile, Stacie, Chelsea, and Skipper see a sideshow company's helicopter land at the institute, and when they follow it they learn that Marlo intends to sell Emerald to the owner.  The dolphins disobey Isla and head for the cove. Marlo has Ken open the gate and then close it behind them, on the pretext that they will help reduce Emerald's stress level. Ken suspects something is off, and when the rest arrive after Marlo leaves, he realizes the truth and goes to open the gate; however, Marlo has already changed the code.  Skipper and Chelsea hatch a plan to hack into Marlo's key fob device for locking the gate, which succeeds, but Marlo simply changes the code again and destroys the device. Isla dives into the cove and reveals herself as a mermaid to the rest of the group, and hides the Dolphins in the caves. Marlo, thinking they got out through the gate, sets off in the helicopter. Isla gives Barbie a magic shell, and Barbie goes to the other end of the tunnel in the bay and uses it to create a signal that Isla can follow to help the dolphins escape. They make their way to Ken's motorboat, but Marlo spots them in the bay and gives chase in the helicopter. Barbie disguises herself as a mermaid and swims the other way, allowing Marlo to pursue and capture her while the rest make it to safety. Once Marlo realizes her mistake, she lets Barbie go, but Barbie tells her she plans to go to Marlo's superiors and the authorities about the dolphin poaching.  Later, once the area is safe, Barbie uses the shell to summon Isla back to the beach, while the dolphins play offshore. Barbie dubs Isla her "sister of the sea" and they vow to always remain friends.
Barbie is at the premiere of her latest movie along with her actor boyfriend Ken, when her rival and co-star, Raquelle, steps on her dress, ripping it. Her stylists, Carrie and Taylor, who are secretly fairies, use magic to mend it. Crystal, a photographer, greets Carrie and Taylor and, taking one last picture of Ken, leaves to go back to Gloss Angeles. Crystal shows Princess Graciella the pictures she took at the premiere. She gives the Princess some tea in which she secretly mixed with a love potion. Crystal then shows the Princess the picture of Ken she took, and Graciella falls in love with him almost instantly.  The next day at Wally's restaurant, Barbie confronts Raquelle about the dress-stepping incident. During the facade, Princess Graciella, Crystal, and two assistant fairies unexpectedly show up and kidnap Ken. Carrie and Taylor sprout their wings and attempt to stop the Princess from taking Ken, but the portal to Gloss Angeles closes before they can enter it. The stylists attempt to dissuade Raquelle and Barbie of the fact that they just saw fairies but finally admit their existence. They explain that Ken is in trouble because if a human marries a fairy, the human has to stay in Gloss Angeles forever. Meanwhile, in Gloss Angeles, Ken and the Princess arrive in the royal palace, where they meet Zane, Graciella's boyfriend. Zane is outraged at Graciella's new love interest and challenges Ken to three consecutive duels.  Barbie, Raquelle, and the fairies go to a clothing store, where they enter a Fairy Flyway (a fairy method of transport), which leads them to the top of the Eiffel Tower in Paris. The fairies reveal that Lilianna Roxelle, a world-famous fashion critic, is the oldest and wisest fairy living on Earth. After they arrive at Lilianna's home, she informs them that Princess Graciella is under a love potion spell. She gives Barbie an antidote that will turn the Princess back to normal if it rains down on her. It is also revealed that Taylor and Carrie were banished from Gloss Angeles earlier due to some personal reasons. The girls then take Liliana's portal to continue their journey.  Barbie, Raquelle, Taylor, and Carrie make it to Gloss Angeles and they make a stop at Wings and Things in order to get wings for Barbie and Raquelle where they run into the human owner named Reena and her fairy husband Graylon. They then disguise themselves as cooks to try to reveal Princess Graciella about Crystal's love potion; however, Crystal reveals Taylor and Carrie by recognizing Taylor's shoes, and the princess locks the four in furyspheres. Barbie and Raquelle talk and finally figure out their misunderstanding. The reason Raquelle has always been so mean to Barbie is that she never got the chance to be Barbie's friend. They apologize to each other and become friends. Their reconciliation breaks the furyspheres and their wings become real, and they now realize that forgiveness lets them fly. The two then go to stop the wedding between Graciella and Ken, holding off the attendants and the princess. Finally, Barbie pours the antidote over Graciella, curing her of the love potion. Graciella realizes that it was Crystal who gave her the love potion and apologizes for the misunderstanding. She also explains that the reason she banished Taylor and Carrie is that the three of them were once friends but Taylor and Carrie started spending so much time together that she felt left out and betrayed. At the urging of Barbie and Raquelle, she lifts Taylor and Carrie's ban, and the three fairies forgive each other. Graciella then punishes Crystal by having her clean up after the ceremony and goes to marry Zane.  After the wedding, Graciella tells Barbie and Raquelle that their wings will disappear when they and Ken go back to the human world and then reappear when they return to Gloss Angeles. She also tells them that their memories of their adventures here will be erased since Raquelle cannot keep a secret. Graciella sends them back to Earth with magical dust. The next morning, Barbie wakes up with no recollection of Gloss Angeles or the fairies, thinking it was a dream. However, she and Raquelle are now friends. Back at Wally's, Carrie and Taylor tell the two and Ken that they reconnected with an old friend (Princess Graciella) and are going back to their hometown (Gloss Angeles). In the last scene, Carrie and Taylor turn into fairies and fly back through the portal.
Sarah Barton lives in a small Nevada desert town with her mother and works as a cashier. After a co-worker's complaint causes her to lose her job, she meets Pepper, a drifter who has crashed at an antiques store owned by her family. Intrigued by Pepper, Sarah allows her to stay at the store until she can find a place to live somewhere else. Sarah begins hanging out with Pepper and becomes drawn into Pepper's partying lifestyle, to the annoyance of her boyfriend, Haden, who does not understand why she has so little time for him. Haden offers to get her a job where he works and to let her stay with him, but she declines both offers.  On a trip to Reno, Sarah follows along as Pepper cons a gambler into giving them money to play blackjack. After celebrating their winnings, Pepper reveals that she works at a strip club, called the Blue Room, as a bartender.  Sarah initially takes a job at a fast food restaurant but soon tries out for the strip club instead. The strippers laugh when Sarah suggests that Pepper is a bartender. One of the strippers gives Sarah a free sample of an unspecified drug (presumably cocaine), and Sarah goes out on the stage. After Sarah and Pepper ingest peyote in the desert, Pepper admits that stripping is addictive and difficult to stop, as the money is good. The two women promise each other that either will quit if the other does. The two then confess their mutual attraction to each other and have sex for the first time.  Meanwhile, Haden and Sarah's other friends become worried about her, as she has kept her new life secret from them. Sarah breaks up with Haden, telling him that they have gone in separate directions. When the other strippers tell Sarah that Pepper has worked in the past as a recruiter and seduced other women, Sarah becomes worried that she has been used. Pepper first denies everything but admits she has worked in the past as a recruiter; she still denies that she intentionally recruited Sarah or used her. After they reconcile, Sarah insists on paying off Pepper's debts so they can run away together and start over somewhere else.  However, an altercation breaks out at the strip club when a man accuses Pepper of not paying back the full debt.  Sarah intercedes on Pepper's behalf, only to panic when she sees Haden and another friend about to enter the club. As she attempts to slip out unnoticed, Haden discovers her and berates her. A cop, drawn by the earlier disturbance, breaks up the scene and arrests Sarah for possession of a controlled substance when she accidentally drops several drugs. Outed as both a stripper and drug-user, Sarah at first attempts to return to her friends but finds them too judgmental. After offering to pay back her mother for bailing her out by working at the fast food restaurant she applied to in the first place, the two tearfully embrace. Sarah tells Pepper that she has become tired of the lifestyle and it can not continue, as it is counter to her values. In the final scene, Sarah is seen hitchhiking out of town by herself.
Jay Wheeler, the "black sheep" son of a rich family, works as a janitor at a Los Angeles, California psychiatric hospital as part of his probation. One night, he overhears another janitor, Frakel, telling a patient that he's a doctor in order to rape her.  Jay knocks out Frakel and tells the patient, Daisy Kensington, to go back to bed. Daisy, having been admitted to the hospital after being raised in isolation and being barefoot all her life, decides to follow Jay out of the hospital.  Rather than send Daisy back, Jay brings her home for his brother's wedding in New Orleans, Louisiana to convince his family that he has straightened out his life. While she impresses them, she also admits to Jay that she was in the hospital for killing her mother. Jay's father, suspecting that something is amiss, presses her for information, causing Daisy to have a panic attack. Jay gets her into a cab, and tells them the truth, only having come home to get money to pay back a loan shark. Jay and Daisy return to his parents' house, and sets out back home in an RV.  Despite the fact that they are both being hunted; they enjoy their company. They pull over so he can sleep and, during the night, Daisy wakes him up due to a cop having pulled up behind. While Jay hides in the cupboard, Daisy tells the cop that her boyfriend, "Beaver," ran away when he saw the flashing lights. The cop tells her that his father's name was Beaver, before proceeding to check the RV. He leaves and walks into the bush on the side of the road to find "Beaver." While the cop is distracted, Daisy throws away the keys to his car, so that she and Jay can escape.   Later, when they make a stop, Jay makes a phone call to Dr. Bertleman, the doctor who was handling Daisy. She then overhears him saying that he is going to take her back to Los Angeles only to bring her back to the psychiatric hospital. She runs away to the RV alone and attempts to drive away before Jay can get to her, but crashes the RV. As Jay opens the door, she climbs out crying, as other people come to check on them. Jay, curious about Daisy, not truly believing she's schizophrenic as her doctor believes, asks her about whether the voices told her to kill her mother. Daisy tells him that it wasn't her who heard voices, but her mother. Her mother was screaming one night but Daisy didn't go to her, and when she woke up in the morning her mother was dead, causing Daisy to believe that she killed her mother. A group of cop cars showed up to arrest Jay and Daisy, assuming that one of the bystanders to the crash called them, and arrested Jay.  Jay's mother convinces her husband to bail Jay out, and Jay returns to his apartment, only to find his belongings torn apart as the loan shark comes to collect his debt. Jay flees to the psychiatric hospital to see Daisy, but the security and Dr. Bertleman tell him to leave.  Desperate, Jay goes to the train station and lies down on the tracks, so that he'll be deemed suicidal and be taken to the psychiatric hospital. Dr. Bertleman, knowing that Jay is fine and that it was just a ruse, dismisses Jay, but after Jay insists that he is suicidal, the doctor puts him in solitary confinement. While at the hospital, another patient gives Jay information on Daisy's well-being and confirms that they're being kept apart.  Frakel sneaks the loan shark's goon into the hospital, where he then goes and strangles Jay using a chain. As Jay is struggling to get him off, the patient who was giving him information takes out the goon by hitting him in the head with a broom. After this Jay wakes up in the hospital, where Dr. Bertleman apologizes to Jay about Frakel and tells him he was right about Daisy's mother, who was schizophrenic. Dr. Bertleman then decides to release them both from the hospital. Jay a letter from his father, which contains a $40,000 check to pay off his debts. Jay then meets Daisy at the hospital entrance, where they reconcile before leaving together.
Sue, Cheryl and Lexi are three college freshmen-to-be who have been best friends since learning they were born on the same day. They do something special every year for their birthday, but on their eighteenth, they set out to lose their virginity. They throw a large poolside party at Sue's house hoping to "pop their cherries" before the day and night is over. But they find that losing their virginity is easier said than done as all three of them embark on a series of raunchy and humorous quests to do so.  Cheryl tells her friends she is finally going to "make it" with her long-term boyfriend Jake. But after she catches him cheating on her with another girl, she embarks on a string of unsuccessful hook ups. First, Cheryl tries to make Jake jealous by hooking up with a friendly college guy, named Eric, but he leaves when he learns that she is only using him as "revenge sex" against her boyfriend. Next, she attempts to seduce the local blind kid Frank, whose seeing-eye dog has an encounter with her instead.  Lexi tries to find a certain "J.J." who gave her "oral pleasure" on the previous day, but as the deed was done from behind, she does not know who it is. She sets out to find J.J. any way she can by coming onto every guy she meets with the first name of 'J', from Jeremy to Jake to John.  The naive and religious Sue first tries to seduce her Bible study classmate Chris, who rejects her advances, claiming that his devotion lays with Jesus (which is a coded message that he happens to be homosexual). Dejected, Sue becomes hooked on masturbation as she pleasures herself with everything that vibrates in her house, from vibrators, vacuum handles, remote controllers, pulsating shower heads, to electric toothbrushes.  At the end of the party, none of the three girls lose their virginity despite having sexual encounters with various persons, animals and objects. Deciding that it was not meant to be, they plan to go their separate ways. However, Lexi discovers that J.J. is actually her old high school classmate, named Johanna, who always had a crush on Lexi. Realizing that she might really be a repressed lesbian, Lexi decides that she does not need sex with men, and immediately consummates her romance with Johanna.  After finally breaking up with her cheating boyfriend, Cheryl drives to the house of her party guy Eric to plead with him for a second chance. Eric accepts Cheryl's apology and agrees to keep in touch as he leaves to go back to college.  After cleaning up the last of the mess left over from the party at her house, Sue meets a friendly Hispanic guy riding by on a motorcycle outside her house who asks her for directions to a church where she frequently attends. When the guy introduces himself as Jesús, Sue sees it as a sign from God. Jesús asks Sue if she would like a ride on his motorcycle to their church, and she accepts.
The young female orphans in the government-run Prescott Academy are trained to become field operatives. Their number one rule, taught by trainer Hardman, is "no attachments". Agent 83's top skills are rivalled by Agent 84. 83 is curious about the world, learning teen culture through magazines and watching Mean Girls and Beverly Hills, 90210.  Hardman assigns the orphans to capture Victoria Knox, an arms dealer. Undercover in Chechnya, 83 poses as one of those captured and brought before Knox. She latches herself and Knox onto Hardman's passing jet but 83 drops into a river as Knox is apprehended, causing Hardman to declare her missing. 83 adopts the name Megan and poses as a Canadian student and arrives in Newtown, Connecticut to live with her host family, the Larsons. Mrs. Larson and her son, Parker, welcome Megan, but Liz, her daughter, is cold and distant. Megan is mocked at school, leaving both her and Liz embarrassed. She soon makes friends with Roger, a classmate, and becomes attracted to Cash, a popular student, hacking the school's system to assign him as her biology lab partner. Cindy and Donna, two popular bullies, convince Megan to try out as the school mascot. When students from a rival school follow tradition and try to kidnap Newton High's mascot from a game, she fights them off, with a video of her actions going viral. It earns her some popularity, while annoying Liz.  Later, Megan is apprehended by a Prescott agent and brought to Hardman. He assumes she is working with their enemies, but she reveals she wanted to enjoy normal life outside the academy, leading to Hardman letting her go with a warning. Megan and Liz both attend a house party hosted by the school's class clown, Gooch. Megan hangs out with Cash, while Liz gets drunk and begins to bond with Gooch, as 84 arrives at the party, calling herself Heather. Megan assumes Hardman sent Heather to shadow her, but Heather denies this and tries to seduce Cash to irritate her. Megan eventually wins Cash's attention and gets asked by him to the homecoming dance.  The next morning, Hardman warns Megan that Knox has escaped from the academy. Liz drives Megan to school, but they are pursued by a masked assassin. Megan reveals her secret to Liz and crashes the two cars, but the assassin escapes. Megan recognizes the smell of perfume, identifying Heather. The two leave for the hospital, where Roger and Gooch visit the girls separately. At the homecoming dance, Megan becomes bored by Cash and leaves him before making amends with Roger. However, Heather reveals herself as Roger's date, provoking a fight between her and Megan. Heather reveals she joined Knox's operation in order to get a chance to kill Megan. Liz sneaks up on Heather and stabs her in the leg and the two escape.  Megan and Liz return home to find that Knox and her mercenaries have seized Mrs. Larson and Parker as hostages. Knox reveals that she was Prescott Agent 1, but she left and turned against them for robbing her of her life. Hardman comes in with reinforcements and subdues Knox and her mercenaries. Megan uses a Prescott helicopter to stop Roger, who is driving home. She tells Roger her true feelings for him and the two kiss before joining Liz and Gooch in the helicopter. In a mid-credits scene, Heather meets with a former henchman of Knox and orders him to find out where Megan is going to college.
A young British woman named Sinaloa comes to Texas to find Merle, her half-sister by way of their dead country musician father. It doesn’t take long for Sinaloa to charm her way into Merle’s life. Her singing awakens something in Merle and erases any lingering doubts about their shared bloodline. But an all-too-familiar chaos comes with it, which soon starts to unravel Merle’s stable world—her job, her upcoming marriage, and an already tense relationship with her mother, Patricia. And while the family music legacy brought this stranger to town, darker motives are woven into the songs she sings, showing glimpses of a violent rage that’s been building for years.
Barricade tells the story of Terence Shade, a psychologist who doesn't have enough time in the day to spend with his kids. His wife wants them all to go to her old family cabin way, way, way up in the mountains to give the kids a white Christmas. The story jumps to a year later, and Shade's wife has died under mysterious circumstances, but he wants to honor her wishes and takes their two kids to the cabin. Once there, strange noises and shadows begin to terrorize the family ... or has madness overtaken them?
In 1981, a 20-year-old Barack Obama, commonly known as Barry, arrives in New York City to attend Columbia University as a transfer student from Occidental College. Unable to contact his expected roommate, Will, Barry spends the night in the streets. The next day, Barry succeeds in contacting Saleem, a man he met at a party a few months back,  who welcomes him in his apartment. Later, Barry meets his roommate Will and they both begin to live in their off-campus apartment on 109th street. As they are walking to class, Barry meets his neighbors when one of them asks for a cigarette. In class, Barry is engaged as a student and participates in classroom debates about philosophy and American society. While in New York, he behaves as a man apart from everyone, not sure of what he has to do to feel accepted. During his political science class, Barry meets Charlotte, a nice girl who seems to have an interest for debates. When he is not in class, Barry is playing basketball.  While playing basketball, Barry soon gets nicknamed "The Invisible Man" by PJ, a graduate student at Columbia who grew up in the Grants Houses in Harlem. Later that night, Will and Barry both attend a frat party at Columbia where they see Charlotte again. Charlotte and Barry leave the party and go to a club downtown where they form a closer connection and begin to date.  The next day, Charlotte and Barry watch a political debate on TV. While Barry is inattentive about politics and declares his love really lies in art, Charlotte tells him it's his "civic duty" to care about politics and their nation. As their love interest grows, Barry continues to wonder about his place in society, New York, and the condition of other black people in the city. The next day Charlotte and Barry go on a date in Central Park, and later that day after playing basketball within Columbia, Barry grabs lunch with PJ, who tells him he's majoring in finance and hopes to work at the New York Stock Exchange in Wall Street. Around Thanksgiving, at a bar with Barry and Saleem, Charlotte asks Barry to meet her parents. Barry refuses and Charlotte then asks him to meet them later on at her sister's wedding. Finally, Barry accepts. In Harlem, he experiences the contrast of black life in New York City, from speaking with friends and buying the book The Souls of Black Folk by  W. E. B. Du Bois to witnessing a vulgar confrontation between a white woman and a group of Black Hebrew Israelites. Later in the park, he attempts to write a long, overdue letter to his father in Kenya but struggles to find the words. After going back to Saleem's apartment, Charlotte and Barry are surprised to find Barry's mother, Ann Dunham, there. Charlotte asks a lot of questions of Ann about Barry's father and childhood as she is frustrated that Barry kept so much of his private life to himself. That night, Barry and his mom see a movie and walk around Central Park where he discloses to her that he is unsure about his place in New York and where he feels he should belong. Ann tries her best to reassure him, but the answers leave him unsatisfied. The next day, Barry is invited to a private club and is welcomed by Charlotte's parents Kathy and Bill and enjoys a nice dinner with them. Barry explains his early life to Charlotte's parents – his mixed race parents, their backgrounds, and his living situation in Hawaii, Indonesia and California, but Charlotte feels closed-off as Barry rarely discloses anything personal to her. While walking home Barry and Charlotte have an aggressive and potentially violent confrontation with a friend of his neighbor's, who resents his presence in the neighborhood and views Barry as an elitist. The following morning, Barry and Charlotte are walking in Harlem when Barry begins to feel uncomfortable as people are surprised to see him with a white woman.  At lunch this anxious feeling continues as Barry explains to Charlotte that everybody is looking at him. They have an argument which ends with Charlotte saying to Barry that she loves him. Barry, surprised, only responds "thank you", then leaves to go play basketball.  The following day, Barry is invited by PJ and the people in his basketball group to attend a party in Harlem. At the party, Barry learns about New York's housing projects and the treatment reserved to the lower classes. Barry also meets an attractive woman named Denise and is then punched in the face by Denise's boyfriend, who thought that Barry was attempting to seduce her. As Barry leaves the party drunk, he returns to campus only to be racially profiled by security guard Eddie and asked to show his ID to confirm he's a student. Barry begins to get into an angry argument with Eddie, but Thad, a white classmate from his political science class who is openly holding a beer can, intervenes. Frustrated by Thad's personality and his lack of acknowledgement of the double standards around him, Barry calls Thad an "asshole" and then goes to Charlotte's apartment where he attempts to hook-up with her. Charlotte refuses when she sees the wound on his face and tries to comfort him. While sitting on her bed looking at pictures she took of him -noting that almost none featured him- Barry gets in a fight with Charlotte and questions their relationship until Charlotte goes to sleep and leaves him alone.  A few days later on the day of Charlotte's sister's wedding, Barry receives a phone call. He learns that his father has died in a car accident. Shocked, Barry doesn't talk to Charlotte about it while they are on their way to her sister's wedding and becomes very closed off when Charlotte tries to understand what Barry is keeping to himself. At the wedding, Charlotte's mother introduces Barry to James and Grace Lee Boggs, a mixed race couple in their late 50s who were involved as civil rights activists in the 1960s. Barry confides in them about his inner turmoil and the confusion he has about his identity. The couple reassures him that, above all else, he is American and he is not obligated to choose a social standing. They tell him that he should take inspiration from the ones who came before him and to carry the baton of hope as far as he can. Finally, Barry receives advice that begins to comfort him and he starts to find peace within himself.  Later at the wedding, while they're dancing, it is assumed Barry breaks up with Charlotte as he simply leaves her on the dance floor; he then goes for a walk outside and reads the letter he was going to send to his father as he was finally trying to contact him. A few days later, Barry is playing basketball where he meets a young boy  who looks like him, and together they play HORSE. The boy asks him where he is from, a question Barry has always struggled to answer. Much more at ease with himself, Barry answers the question by saying, "I'm from a lot of places, but I live here now."
Barry Munday (Patrick Wilson), a lonely womanizer, wakes up after being attacked to realize that he's missing his "family jewels". To make matters worse, he learns he's facing a paternity lawsuit filed by a woman, Ginger (Judy Greer), he can't remember having sex with. Though unintentional, the two discover that their meeting and subsequent "accidents" opened up new opportunities for personal growth and relationships.
In New York City, scientist Linda (Brie Larson) produces the genetically modified rice 9 with her father Eric (Scott Bakula) for the company Mogil. One of Mogil's executives, Evelyn (Tyne Daly), in a press meeting, celebrates the rice's nutritional value as well as resistance to drought and pests. CEO Gurgon (Donald Sutherland) hires Linda as the new sales representative.  Gurgon plans to sell 9 in Bilari, India in order to corner the nation's rice market, and demands Linda convince the town's farmers to grow it. Although initially skeptical out of her ignorance of the country's culture, Gurgon threatens to cut lab funding if she doesn't do it. Linda meets a local son of a farmer Rajit (Utkarsh Ambudkar) on the train to Bilari, and William (Saahil Sehgal), an Agricultural Office representative, when she arrives.  William, in addition to flirting with Linda, is interested in the Mogil deal, wanting it to go through to be able to live in New York City and gain appreciation from his father. Rajit, to further his college education, plans to make money by selling a pest-deterring stink weed.  Linda continues to view more of India by riding in a car. However, the vehicle breaks down and the phone dies, meaning she has to walk out of her comfort zone and encounter Indian culture in person. There, she again meets Rajit, who initially, for fun, messes with her lack of knowledge of the Indian lifestyle. William invites Linda to a family dinner, which involves another accidental encounter with Rajit as well as more bonding between them.  Mogil has set a "Rice Exchange Day" for the local farmers to make contracts, and trade in their old seeds, with the company. They are quickly convinced of Linda's rice, particularly its ability to deter beetles, except Rajit. Suspecting a big multi-corporation wouldn't provide genetically-modified rice in good faith, he instructs the other farmers to not sign with Mogil right away, and schedules a contest the day before Rice Exchange Day for the farmers to determine if the rice or Rajit's stink weed is better. Rajit sets it up without informing Linda.  William, reading the contracts, is alarmed the farmers' work with the contract will be permanent, as well as the fact that 9's grain are sterile, meaning seeds would have to be bought annually. When meeting with Gurgon and Evelyn, they attempt to change William's mind by presenting the corporation as altruistic, and offer him a trip to New York.  William and Linda go out to a dance club during the night. Rajit and his sister Sita (Lakshmi Manchu) sneak in to dance with her, only for William to bribe the bouncer to kick them out. Linda stumbles on Rajit's farm and finds out about the contest. Initially she's mad at Rajit until her rice outperforms his weed at the contest. Linda indicates a lack of awareness towards the sustainability of the methods that will result from Mogil's contracts, which enrages Rajit. William bribes the authorities to arrest him over accusations of trashing Linda's lab.  The Rice Exchange Day goes as planned, until Linda publicly states the truth to the farmers. A revolt against Mogil, led by her, ensues. The local cops are also on the farmers' side and release Rajit, and William stalls the train out of a change of heart. As the train starts moving again, Linda uncouples it, William and Eric burn the contracts, and Rajit halts the train by parking his car on the tracks. Mogil's business plan is ruined, the farmers have their rice back, and Rajit and Linda are together.
Linas finds a forgotten van on a llama farm outside Seattle, and embarks on a road trip east with nothing to lose.
On the eve of Bastille Day in Paris, American drifter and pickpocket Michael Mason steals a woman's handbag, not knowing that it contains explosives. After taking the cash from the bag, he discards it, caught unwittingly on CCTV as he does so. The bag then detonates and kills four people. Upon being captured by CIA agent Sean Briar, who is being reprimanded for irresponsible conduct on the job, Mason protests that he is not a terrorist, and tells Briar that the bag contained a cellphone owned by a woman named Zoé. The bomb was set up by a group of corrupt policemen led by Rafi Bertrand, all of them members in the French special force RAPID who intend to pull a robbery at the Bank of France. Zoé was told to plant the bomb at the office of the French Nationalist Party (as part of a diversion for the heist), but after seeing the night cleaning crew arrive, she was unwilling to kill innocents and so abandoned the plan. Zoé's boyfriend Jean, one of the conspirators, allows her to escape, realizing that his compatriots will kill her.  The group tracks Zoé's phone to Briar's and Mason's location. Briar engages the conspirators, who subdue him, while Mason escapes. Bertrand's team proceeds to plant fake evidence at a mosque and stir up a nationwide uproar among its Islamic population, using agitating hashtags on the Internet. Chased by the French authorities and Bertrand's forces, Mason is picked up by Briar, who has come to believe his story and intends to clear the case with his help, even against the orders of his superiors. They track Zoé to the hideout of her friend Paul and his motorcycle gang, but the gang firebombs their car to cover their escape. Appropriating another car, they track Paul down to the bar where he works, and Mason instigates a brawl, during which he steals Paul's identity card.  Mason and Briar use the card to find out Paul's address, where Zoé is hiding, and manage to gain her cooperation. Zoé leads them to Jean's apartment, where they find his body and an ID and badge identifying him as a police officer. Briar informs his colleague, Karen Dacre, who confers with her French contact, DGSI Director Victor Gamieux, about taking Mason and Zoé into protective custody. However, Gamieux, actually the mastermind of the heist conspiracy, kills Dacre after obtaining the information he needs and sends a pickup team consisting of his henchmen. Briar, Mason and Zoe manage to pick up clues about the men's true allegiance and fight their way out of the deathtrap. Now realizing Gamieux's hand in the game, the three head toward the Bank of France.  When a crowd of protestors masses at the front of the bank – as the conspirators have intended – Gamieux assigns Bertrand's RAPID team to the building to provide interior security, thus facilitating the digital robbery of its entire monetary reserves (half a billion euros). Upon arriving at the bank, Briar disguises himself as a RAPID officer and manages to gain access to the building before he is found out. Hearing of his predicament over their stolen police van's radio, Zoe and Mason start a riot among the protestors, who storm the bank and overpower the RAPID troopers closing in on Briar. Briar subsequently infiltrates the vault and engages Bertrand and his remaining henchman. Bertrand escapes with the USB flash drive on which the money has been downloaded, but Briar contacts Mason, who steals the flash drive from Bertrand. Upon noticing the theft, Bertrand takes Zoe hostage. Gamieux, trying to salvage his plan, commands a squad of policemen to shoot and kill Bertrand, and Mason escapes with the flash drive. Zoé survives.  Some time later, Mason, working with Briar and French law enforcement, meets with Gamieux on the pretense of trading the flash drive for a passport and a ride out of the country, leading to the latter's arrest.
After a crackdown on the production of bath salts in the Midwest, the underground drug producers move to the Northeast and begin dumping newer, concentrated versions in New York City.  The drugs turn out to have unforeseen consequences, and the addicts turn into violent cannibals.  Agent Forster, a DEA agent, attempts to control the spread of the drugs and counter the wave of violence that follows.
While battling Gorilla Grodd at Arkham Asylum, Batman is caught in Grodd's Quake Engine time displacement machine and sent to feudal Japan. There, he is chased by samurai working for the Joker. During his escape, Batman meets up with Catwoman, who reveals everyone else arrived 2 years earlier due to Batman being in the outermost area affected by the Quake Engine. He learns from her that all of Gotham City's top criminals have become feudal lords after deceiving the Sengoku daimyo, battling each other until only one state remains. To stop the villains from altering history, Batman and Catwoman must get to the Quake Engine in Arkham Castle (formerly the Asylum).  Batman discovers that Alfred Pennyworth is also in the past and has built a Batcave outside Edo. When Joker's troops ambush the hideout, Batman storms his way in his Batmobile towards Arkham Castle, which transforms into a robot fortress. Just as Batman confronts the Joker, he is forced to leave and save a mother and child below from being crushed by the robot's hand. He transforms his Batcycle into an armored suit to defeat a sumo Bane and stop the robot hand, only to learn the mother is a disguised Harley Quinn. As Batman is surrounded by the Joker's minions, he is suddenly whisked away by ninja led by Eian of the Bat Clan of Hida.  Batman learns the Bat Clan helped Nightwing, Red Hood, Red Robin and Robin upon their arrival and the clan has followed a prophecy of a foreign bat ninja restoring order to the land. Robin gives Batman an invitation from Grodd to a nearby hot spring. There, Grodd explains he intended to send the villains far away so he could take Gotham for himself, but Batman's interference sent them all to feudal Japan instead. Batman and Grodd agree to work together to return to Gotham. Batman, Grodd, Catwoman, the Bat-Family and the Bat Clan battle the Joker and his forces by the river.  They defeat the Joker and Harley, but Grodd turns on Batman, revealing his alliance with Two-Face before the Joker and Harley escape and blow up their own ship, taking Batman down with it. Having captured a power converter from Harley, Catwoman attempts to bargain with Grodd in bringing her back to Gotham; however, they need to obtain other power converters from the Penguin, Poison Ivy and Deathstroke to complete the Quake Engine. Two days later, Batman recovers from his wounds and encourages the Bat-Family to learn the ways of the ninja to defeat Grodd.  Red Hood locates Joker and Harley, but Batman discovers they lost their memories from the explosion and are living as farmers. A month later, the villains mobilize their castle robots for battle at the "Field of Hell". Batman leads the Bat-Family and the Bat Clan into the battlefield. After defeating the other villains, Grodd puts them under his mind control, with the intent of ruling the country himself. The Joker and Harley, however, crash his party from above, reclaiming their castle from Grodd. The Bat-Family saves Catwoman and Grodd before the Joker merges all of the castles into the super robot Lord Joker.  An injured Grodd gives the control of his army of monkeys to Batman: Robin enables them to merge into one giant samurai monkey to battle the Joker's robot. The samurai monkey then combines with a swarm of bats to form the Batgod to defeat Lord Joker before the Bat-Family storm into the castle to battle the villains. The Joker reveals to Batman that as farmers, he and Harley planted special flowers that restored their memories after blooming. As the castle falls, Batman and the Joker engage in a sword fight. Using his ninjutsu skills, Batman defeats the Joker. With the Joker and the villains defeated, the Bat Clan begins work to restore feudal Japan to its original state and the Bat-Family takes the villains back to the present day.  In a mid-credits scene, Catwoman sells weapons and furniture from the castle robots to an antique shop, while Bruce rides a horse-driven Batmobile to a party hosted by the mayor.
In a flashback to his childhood, Bruce Wayne runs from his parents' funeral. He falls into a cave, where a circling vortex of bats elevates him back to the surface. In the present, eighteen months after his cataclysmic battle with General Zod in Metropolis, Superman has become a controversial figure. Bruce is now a billionaire who has operated in Gotham City as the masked vigilante Batman for twenty years. Having witnessed the battle in person, he sees Superman as an existential threat to humanity.  Clark Kent, Superman's civilian identity, seeks to condemn Batman's form of justice in Daily Planet articles. Bruce learns that Russian weapon trafficker Anatoli Knyazev has been contacting LexCorp mogul Lex Luthor. Luthor attempts to persuade Senator June Finch to allow him to import kryptonite discovered in the aftermath of Zod's terraforming attempt, so that it can be used as a deterrent against future Kryptonian threats. She declines, but Luthor makes alternative plans with Finch's subordinate, who grants him access to Zod's corpse and the Kryptonian scout ship.  Bruce attends a gala at LexCorp to steal encrypted data from the company's mainframe, but antiquities dealer Diana Prince steals it first; she later returns it to Bruce. While decrypting the drive, Bruce dreams of a postapocalyptic world where he leads rebels against an evil Superman. He is awakened by an unidentified person, appearing through a portal, who tells him that Lois Lane is "the key" and urges him to find "the others" before vanishing. The decrypted drive reveals Luthor's files on several metahumans across the globe. One is Diana, who appears in a photo from World War I. Wayne contemplates weaponizing the kryptonite to go to war with Superman.  A widely publicized congressional hearing, led by Finch, is held to question Superman's actions against Zod. A bomb smuggled in by Luthor detonates, killing everyone present except Superman. Superman blames himself for not detecting it in time and self-imposes exile. In response, Batman breaks into LexCorp and steals the kryptonite. He builds a powered exoskeleton, a kryptonite grenade launcher, and a kryptonite-tipped spear. Meanwhile, Luthor enters the Kryptonian ship and accesses its vast database of technology.  Luthor lures Superman out of exile by kidnapping Martha Kent, Clark's adoptive mother, and Lois, who he pushes off the LexCorp building. Superman saves Lois and confronts Luthor, who reveals that the distrust between Batman and Superman was manipulated. Luthor demands that he kill Batman in exchange for Martha's life. Superman tries to explain this to Batman, who instead attacks and eventually subdues him using a kryptonite gas. As Batman prepares to deal the final blow using the spear, Superman pleads with him to "save Martha" – the same name as Batman's mother. Batman hesitates in confusion, as Lois arrives and explains what Superman meant. Coming to his senses, Batman locates and rescues Martha.  Luthor executes his backup plan: unleashing a monster genetically engineered using DNA from both Zod's body and his own. Diana joins Batman and Superman in their fight against the creature. Superman realizes its vulnerability to kryptonite and fatally impales the creature with the kryptonite spear. Superman, already weakened by kryptonite exposure, is fatally wounded by the creature before it dies.  Following Luthor's arrest, Batman confronts him in prison, warning him that he will always be watching. Luthor gloats that Superman's death has made the world vulnerable to powerful alien threats. A memorial is held for Superman in Metropolis, while Bruce and Diana attend a funeral for Clark, who was also declared dead. Martha gives Lois an envelope containing an engagement ring from Clark. Bruce tells Diana that he regrets failing Superman and asks for her help in forming a team of metahumans to protect Earth in Superman's absence. As they leave, the dirt atop Clark's coffin levitates.
In Victorian-era Gotham City, Batman saves a wealthy couple from being robbed by three orphans (Dickie, Jason and Timmy) and defeats their abusive handler, Big Bill Dust. At the same time, Ivy, an orphan turned exotic dancer and prostitute, becomes the newest victim of the serial killer called Jack the Ripper, who preys on Gotham's poor and destitute women. Citizens of Gotham believe the Batman and Jack to be the same man. Stage actress Selina Kyle berates Gotham Police Commissioner James Gordon and Chief of Police Harvey "Bulldog" Bullock for their failure to stop the Ripper murders.  At the Monarch Theatre with his friend Harvey Dent, Bruce meets Selina and the two bond at the exclusive Dionysus Club. Bruce realizes that not only were the two of them taken in by Sister Leslie, but that some of the murdered girls were orphans formerly under Leslie's care. Bruce realizes that the Ripper will target Leslie and rushes to save her, but is too late. At the crime scene, Bruce finds a bloody Dionysus Club pin, meaning the Ripper has to be one of Gotham's wealthy. At Sister Leslie's funeral, Bruce is met by Hugo Strange, claiming he knows the killer and wants to meet with Batman. Bruce also is met by Marlene, a drunken old woman who claims she saw him sneaking around when Sister Leslie was killed.  At Arkham Asylum, the Ripper attacks Strange and throws him to his own patients, who tear him apart. While in pursuit of the Ripper, Batman is himself chased by police, only to be saved by Selina. After seeing Batman is Bruce, she takes him to her home, where they spend the night.  After the death of Marlene is discovered, Bruce is arrested, and Dent, jealous of Selina's affection, prosecutes him as the Ripper. Sentenced to Blackgate Penitentiary following the trial, Bruce is met by Selina, who urges him to reveal he is Batman to clear his name and help save the girls from Jack. When he refuses, she decides to tell Gordon herself. Bribing a guard to deliver a coded message to his manor, Bruce escapes after staging a prison fight.  Selina meets with Gordon at the Gotham City World's Fair and learns to her horror that he is the Ripper. While seeking Selina at Gordon's home, Batman learns this as well. Gordon injects Selina with a sleeping aid, but she manages to use her blood and the Fair's searchlight to give Batman a signal. Batman arrives and fights Gordon into a Ferris wheel where Gordon, driven mentally insane by his time in the Civil War, reveals his "holy work" is to rid Gotham from what he sees as human filth. The Ferris wheel lights on fire in the struggle and begins to collapse: Batman defeats Gordon, and Gordon walks into the flames to escape justice. Batman and Selina are saved by Alfred and the orphans, who are now Bruce Wayne's wards.
A young blonde woman is abducted by Dr. Hugo Strange, who intends to use her for an experiment. He has one of his Monster Men bring her to his secret laboratory on a relatively isolated mountain, but they are ambushed by the Dark Knight, who attacks them in order to free the woman. After defeating the Monster Man, Batman turns his attention  to Strange, who is holding the woman hostage on the edge of a cliff, and threatens to kill her if Batman comes closer. Batman's sudden move causes him to lose his balance and fall into the abyss. Batman saves the woman from falling as well and the two of them watch as Strange falls to his apparent death.
Set one year after the events of Jurassic World: Fallen Kingdom, a blended family from Oakland, California goes on a camping trip at the fictional Big Rock National Park in Northern California, approximately  from where dinosaurs from Fallen Kingdom were let loose. The film chronicles the first major confrontation between humans and the dinosaurs.  The family is enjoying their camping when they are suddenly greeted by a Nasutoceratops and her baby. To their terror, an adult Allosaurus attacks the Nasutoceratops baby and the mother tries to protect her baby. A battle ensues between the two dinosaurs and the family decide to hide inside their RV. Eventually, a third Nasutoceratops appears from the woods, driving back the Allosaurus. The Nasutoceratops escape and the baby of the family starts wailing. Hearing the cry, the Allosaurus starts wrecking the RV apart in order to feed on the family hiding inside. After the RV is completely destroyed, the parents and the son begin to fear for the worst. To their relief, their daughter shoots the Allosaurus in its head and eye with a crossbow, which causes the dinosaur to flee. They embrace, though are in complete shock over what just happened.  During the closing credits, found footage clips of dinosaurs and other creatures are shown including a pack of Compsognathus chasing after a scared little girl, a Stegosaurus causing a car to swerve and drive off a cliff, fishermen in a boat peacefully passing by a Parasaurolophus on the banks of a river, a Mosasaurus eating a great white shark after the shark eats a sea lion, and a Pteranodon swooping at a dove that had just been released at a wedding.
In February 1942, U.S. armed forces defend Los Angeles from unidentified flying objects. Seventy years later, the alien invaders return to finish the attack.  In the near future, a large spaceship arrives and hovers over Los Angeles. A human fighter squadron is scrambled, but their missiles act erratically due to countermeasures being broadcast from the ship. The entire squadron is quickly destroyed, except for a female pilot named Lt. Solano, who ejects from her plane before it is destroyed.  Smaller alien craft suddenly attack a military base near Los Angeles. Marine Lt. Tyler Laughlin leads a group of survivors through the chaos following the attack, trying to find a safe haven. During their journey across the Los Angeles wasteland, Laughlin's group finds a surprisingly young World War II pilot named Captain Pete Rodgers. He claims his squadron was abducted by aliens back in 1942 while they were flying in the Bermuda Triangle. Rodgers joins Laughlin's group, as well as Lt. Solano. Soon, the group encounters a sword-wielding special agent named Karla Smaith who takes them to a top-secret underground bunker. She reveals that a secret branch of the government has held an alien captive for the past 60 years after his spaceship crashed. Just then, Rodgers reveals himself to be an android. He kills most of the base personnel and reveals the alien's plans for the colonization of Earth and the extermination of the human race.  After destroying Rodgers, Laughlin, Smaith and Solano escape using the captured alien's spacecraft. They travel to the alien mothership over the city, where they plan to destroy it and stop the alien invasion. Once on board the mothership, they encounter a large mollusk-like alien guarding the engines. The alien grabs Solano, and Smith and Laughlin try to save her, but she orders them not to and leave her, in order to concentrate on destroying the ship with planted explosives. They escape just as the ship explodes, crashing down on Los Angeles. Smaith and Laughlin watch the destruction, knowing the rest of Earth is safe.
A group of mercenaries led by Maj. Max Gatling are fleeing from a failed rescue attempt, having been hired by a rich industrialist to enter a zombie-infested city to rescue his daughter Jude. At the extraction point, Gatling tells the other survivor he is staying to find Jude and complete the mission. He eventually locates Jude and tells her he is going to get her out of the city, and she takes him to other survivors. There, he is introduced to the survivors including group leader Duke, Reese, Elvis, Lynn, and Anna. Jude is revealed to be in a relationship with Reese and pregnant with his child. The next day when Gatling, Jude, and the others go out to retrieve gasoline from a gas station, Gatling attempts to get Jude out of the city by force when she refuses to go without the others. However, he is stopped by the others and left for dead. After discovering Jude is pregnant, Reese rushes to Gatling's aid so that Jude can be taken out of the city. At this point it is revealed that not only is Jude's father some rich industrialist, but he is also the one who caused the zombie pandemic. While returning to the stronghold to get Jude, Gatling and Reese discover a band of prototype non-programmed robots. Gatling reprograms the robots and proceeds to the stronghold. When it is revealed that the city is to be firebombed, Gatling and all of the survivors make preparations to escape.  On the day of the escape, Gatling, Jude, the survivors, and the robots shoot down and kill many zombies along the way. When taking defensive positions while being attacked at a junkyard, Duke ditches them all and hides away. The robots also malfunction and one begins to attack Gatling. Gatling destroys the robot, and the rest of them reboot. Gatling, Jude, Reese, and the remaining survivors escape the junkyard in a car being pushed by the remaining robots. Duke is left behind and eaten by zombies. Gatling and the others then arrive at a car parking complex and go underground while the robots hold back the zombies. Once the Zombies start swarming the car park, Gatling and the others struggle to fight them off. Gatling finds that one of the robots is still functioning and he sends it to find Jude.  As the firebombing starts and reaches the complex, Gatling, Jude, and Reese jump into a partly flooded level of the complex to escape the fire. Once the firebombing ceases, Jude and Reese leave the complex, and all of the city is shown to be entirely destroyed. They meet up with Gatling, who reveals to Reese that his mission is not only to take Jude home, but to kill anybody that can whistle-blow on the outbreak. But knowing that Jude and Reese are expecting, Gatling decides to let Reese live and the three of them leave together with the robot, having survived, who Gatling asks to get him a coffee.
In 1970, pro-tennis player Billie Jean King and her manager, Gladys Heldman, confront promotor Jack Kramer in his office who has organized a tennis tournament where the top prize for women is one-eighth of the men's prize, despite equal ticket sales. King and Heldman threaten to start their own tour but Kramer won't alter the terms, citing the inferiority of women's tennis. When King, and fellow tennis players Julie Heldman, Valerie Ziegenfuss, Judy Dalton, Kristy Pigeon, Peaches Bartkowicz, Kerry Melville Reid, Nancy Richey, and Rosie Casals sign on as the “Original 9” players of what becomes the WTA Tour, Kramer bans them from tournaments organized by the U.S. Lawn Tennis Association.  While the women's tour struggles during its early days, Billie Jean King begins an affair with Marilyn Barnett, her hairdresser, threatening her marriage to Larry King. Meanwhile, men's pro-tennis player Bobby Riggs's marriage to the wealthy Priscilla Whelan is in trouble because of his addiction to gambling. Thrown out of his house when he can't conceal a Rolls-Royce he won in a tennis bet, he hits upon the idea of a challenge match against the top woman player, boasting that even at age 55 he can beat any woman.  The women's tour has slowly gained a stronger foothold, with the Women's Tennis Association formed in 1973. Riggs continues to pressure King to play him. Eventually, Riggs persuades Margaret Court, who recently overtook King to gain the World No. 1 ranking, to play a match in May 1973. Riggs easily defeats Court and King decides she has to accept his challenge, but demands a final say as to the arrangements. King trains intensely, while Riggs relaxes. King objects to Kramer as a game announcer, threatening to not play unless he withdraws, which he does. After a slow start, King wins the match, changing the future of women's tennis.   A textual epilogue states that King divorced her husband in the 1980s, retired from tennis in 1990, and later became involved in a long-term same-sex relationship while Riggs reunited with his wife but never quit his gambling habit.
Dante Graham enlists Jason Blake to coach the United States' b-boy team to compete in the Battle of the Year, as the US has not won in 15 years. Blake puts together a team of the best b-boys across America à la Dream Team.   After overcoming their differences and learning to work as a team, the Dream Team makes it to the semi-finals, beats the reigning champion French team and finds themselves against the favorites, the Koreans. Ultimately, they lose by one point. Blake resolves to resume training as soon as possible to win next year.
On August 12, 2011, hostile alien spacecraft make landings off the coasts of large cities. Los Angeles is evacuated while Marines from Camp Pendleton arrive, including Staff Sergeant Michael Nantz, an Iraq War veteran. Nantz, who was to begin his retirement, is assigned to the 1st Platoon, Echo Company, of the 2nd Battalion, 5th Marines.  Under the command of 2nd Lieutenant William Martinez, the platoon arrives at a forward operating base (FOB) established at Santa Monica Airport. While using rapid dominance, the alien ground forces have no apparent air support. Hence, the Air Force prepares a carpet bombing of the Santa Monica area, and the platoon is given 3 hours to retrieve civilians from a police station. As they advance through Los Angeles, they are ambushed and suffer multiple casualties. Nantz takes Marines Imlay and Harris to look for Lenihan, who is missing from the group. After fighting off an alien, they team up with some soldiers from the Army's 40th Infantry Division and an Air Force intelligence Technical Sergeant, Elena Santos. At the police station, the makeshift platoon finds five civilians: veterinarian Michele, children Kirsten, Amy, and Hector, and Hector's father Joe. A helicopter arrives to evacuate wounded Marines but cannot take on the weight of the civilians. During takeoff, it is destroyed by alien air units, killing Grayston, Guerrero, Lenihan, and Simmons.  The Marines commandeer an abandoned transit bus for the evacuation. En route, they deduce that the alien air units are drones that target human radio transmissions; Santos reveals that her mission is to locate and destroy the aliens' command center controlling the drones. When their bus comes under attack by aliens on an elevated freeway, the Marines rappel the group to street level. In the ensuing battle, Marines Stavrou and Mottola and the remainder of the California Army National Guard soldiers are killed, while both Joe and Lieutenant Martinez are wounded fighting the aliens. Martinez uses his radio to attract the aliens, then detonates explosives, sacrificing himself for his team. Nantz is now in command of surviving personnel Santos, Imlay, Kerns, Lockett, Harris, Adukwu, and the civilians, continuing their escape from the bombing zone. A scientist speculates on news media that the aliens seek Earth's water resources for fuel while exterminating the human population.  The planned carpet bombing fails to materialize. Reaching the FOB, the Marines find it destroyed and the military in retreat from the city. The Marines plan to escort the civilians to an alternate extraction point. When Joe dies from his wounds, Nantz comforts Hector. Lockett confronts Nantz regarding his brother, a Marine who, with four others, was killed during Nantz's last tour. They come to peace when Nantz explains that he continues to think of them and recites each one's name, rank, and serial number. Nantz motivates the group to move forward to honor their fallen comrades, including Joe, for his bravery. They reach the extraction point and evacuate by helicopter.  In flight, the chopper experiences a brief loss of power. Nantz theorizes that they are flying near the alien command center, transmitting intense radio messages to its drones. He orders his unit to accompany the civilians while he stays to reconnoiter the area, but his soldiers join him. Searching through sewers, they confirm the presence of a large alien vessel. Kerns radios in to request missiles, which Nantz manually directs using a laser designator while the others defend his position. Kerns is killed when a drone homes in on his radio, but the Marines succeed in guiding a missile to the command module, which is destroyed. The uncontrolled drones fall from the sky, and the alien ground forces retreat.  The remaining soldiers—Nantz, Imlay, Lockett, Harris, Adukwu, and Santos—are evacuated to a base in the Mojave Desert, where they are greeted as heroes. They are told that their successful plan has been transmitted to the militaries battling alien forces in 19 other cities, that Michele and the three children were rescued, and that they can now rest. Instead, they re-arm and depart to retake Los Angeles.
Henry Pearl (Bill Skarsgård) is a young man who suffers from a rare skin disease that results in severe burns from sun exposure. He has scarring on his body from a childhood accident that occurred when he wandered outside, unsupervised. His father was supposedly drunk in the house at the time, and abandoned the family not long after.  As a result of his condition, Henry is awake mostly at night and lives at home with his over-protective mother, Tallulah (Paula Malcomson), in the southern town of Battlecreek. He spends his time frequenting a local diner, staffed by kind waitress Melinda (Dana Powell), working the night shift at a gas station with family friend Arthur (Delroy Lindo), and painting murals on the walls of his room.  A mysterious woman named Alison (Claire van der Boom) is stranded when her car breaks down. Henry meets her when she's hired as a waitress to pay for the repairs. A romance soon develops, much to his mother's chagrin. Despite their differences, they effect positive changes in one another; Henry grows more confident, while Alison begins to emotionally open up.  When Cy (Toby Hemingway), Allison's abusive, drug dealing ex-boyfriend, tracks her down, her first instinct is to run and leave Henry behind. He then learns from Arthur that his father left the family before his accident. He presses Tallulah for more information and she confesses that she was the one who was drunk and failed to keep him indoors on that fateful day. Heart-broken and feeling betrayed, Henry moves out of the house.  Alison, meanwhile, is kidnapped by Cy. He threatens to torture her, but she manages to break free of her restraints and kill him. She wraps up his corpse and sinks it into a nearby bayou.  Allison and Henry reunite. He tells her that he doesn't want to hide from life anymore. They leave Battlecreek together in her repaired car.
When a strange werewolf virus threatens to decimate first New York and then the world, a rogue general uses the disease to create an army of supersoldiers.
In 2005, potentially habitable "Planet G" is discovered, and in 2006, a communications array to reach any extraterrestrial life is built in Oahu. There, Alex Hopper is arrested while attempting to impress  Samantha "Sam" Shane, daughter of Admiral Terrance Shane. Alex’s brother, Commander Stone Hopper, forces Alex to join the U.S. Navy. Six years later, Alex is a lieutenant aboard the  and in a relationship with Sam, a physical therapist working with wounded veterans. While Stone is a model officer commanding the , the rebellious Alex, while showing plenty of potential, is facing a disciplinary discharge.  During the 2012 RIMPAC exercise, five alien spacecraft arrive. Their communications ship hits a satellite and crashes through the Bank of China Tower in Hong Kong, while the others plunge into the waters off the coast of Hawaii. Sampson, John Paul Jones, and Japanese destroyer JDS  discover a floating structure that generates an impenetrable force field isolating the Hawaiian Islands and the three destroyers from the rest of the world, and jamming all radar and communications inside. Three alien warships surface and open fire; Myōkō is destroyed, Sampson is lost with all hands including Stone, and John Paul Jones’ command crew are killed, leaving Alex to reluctantly assume command as the highest-ranking sailor on board. John Paul Jones disengages to recover Myōkō’s survivors, including Captain Yugi Nagata, while alien drones destroy Oahu’s military bases.  Hiking near the communications array, Sam and retired US Army lieutenant colonel and double amputee Mick Canales discover the aliens' presence. They encounter scientist Cal Zapata, who reveals the aliens have taken over the array to re-establish communications with their home planet. The John Paul Jones’ crew captures an alien which telepathically links with Alex, revealing their history of conquering worlds. More aliens board and retrieve their comrade while one starts sabotaging the ship. Its armored suit proves impervious to small-arms fire but is obliterated by the destroyer’s 5-inch gun, and the captured alien's helmet reveals their eyes are sensitive to sunlight. Ashore, Sam, Mick, and Zapata recover his spectrum analyzer, using it to radio John Paul Jones that the aliens will contact their planet and most likely call for reinforcements when the facility’s satellite is in position in four hours.  As night falls, Captain Nagata suggests using the National Oceanic and Atmospheric Administration (NOAA) tsunami warning buoys around Hawaii to track the warships without radar; this plan works and allows John Paul Jones to destroy two of them. The third proves too elusive, so they lure it into facing east as the sun rises. Alex and Nagata shoot out its bridge windows with sniper rifles, blinding its crew with sunlight and allowing John Paul Jones to destroy it. The destroyer then attempts to target the communications array, but is sunk by drones launched from the alien structure emitting the force field; Alex, Nagata, and several other sailors barely escape.  The survivors commandeer the decommissioned World War II battleship  with the aid of retired Navy veterans. The floating structure is revealed to be a giant mothership, but Missouri disables the force field, allowing Admiral Shane to scramble fighter jets from the aircraft carrier . The battleship’s turret carrying the ship’s last shell is disabled, forcing the sailors to carry the shell to the ship's last functioning turret. Sam, Mick, and Cal stall the aliens at the array, where Mick kills an alien soldier. Alex uses the final shell to destroy the array, rendering the Missouri defenseless, but the mothership’s drones are destroyed by Boeing F/A-18 fighter jets, as reinforcements carpet bomb the mothership, eliminating the alien threat.  Alex is promoted to lieutenant commander and presented with a Silver Star and his brother's posthumous Navy Cross. Admiral Shane promises Alex will soon have a ship of his own, while he is also recommended to become a Navy SEAL. Alex asks him for Sam’s hand in marriage, and the admiral initially refuses but invites Alex to lunch.
Rodney (Gooding) is a former boxing star reduced to working as a bouncer, a job that eventually brings him into contact with Yuri (Dreyfuss), a Russian gangster whose preferred method for the disposal of dead bodies is in the form of "bayou caviar," which is food left to the alligators in the Louisiana swamps.  Rodney’s task is to provide compromising evidence on the son-in-law of the gangster’s business associate, a blackmail scheme that if executed properly, could rebound to the benefit of several people, including a fame-hungry teenager Kat (Lia Marie Johnson) and lesbian photographer Nic (Famke Janssen).
In Emerald Bay, Florida, Lt. Mitch Buchannon is a beloved member of an elite lifeguard division known as Baywatch. The Baywatch, including second-in-command Stephanie Holden and veteran C. J. Parker, protect the beaches and the bay and are opposed by jealous beat cop Garner Ellerbee and his superior, Captain Thorpe.  On morning patrol, Mitch finds a small pouch of flakka by the Huntley Club, owned by powerful businesswoman Victoria Leeds. Later, Mitch meets Matt Brody, an entitled Olympic gold medal-winning swimmer who expects to make the Baywatch team without trying out. Mitch and Brody compete in a variety of physical tests, which Mitch wins. As the course is ending, a mom and her two kids fall into the water and the lifeguards and Brody rush to save them. Brody makes the team along with Ronnie Greenbaum and Summer Quinn.  A private yacht catches fire and the occupants are evacuated by Baywatch except for city councilman Rodriguez, who dies. Suspicious, Mitch and his team continue to investigate to Ellerbee's disapproval. They infiltrate the hospital morgue where they learned that Rodriguez was murdered. The trio hide and take a video of Leeds' henchmen planting an autopsy report to cover up Rodriguez's murder, but are discovered and the recording is destroyed. Thorpe threatens to fire Mitch if he oversteps again.  Convinced Leeds is running drugs through the Huntley, Mitch and Brody go undercover and witness drugs being retrieved from barrels of fish. When they contact Ellerbee, they learn another dead body has been found on the beach. Thorpe, enraged that Mitch deserted his post, fires him, naming Brody the new lieutenant. Brody doesn't want the job but is forced to take it.  Brody later sees "sand grifters (beach thieves)" steal bags using a cooler. He orders them off the beach and keeps the cooler. After finding another pouch of flakka on the beach, Brody uses the cooler to steal the second victim's report from Ellerbee brings it to Summer, who confirms the man was killed by knife instead of a shark attack. Ronnie recognizes the victim as his friend Dave, who was working for the Huntley. Brody realizes that Mitch was right about the Huntley. Ronnie hacks into Leeds' servers, finding her plan to privatize the entire beach.  The team infiltrate a private party on Leeds' personal yacht and discover that she's been using the hull to smuggle the drugs. Brody is captured and thrown in a bait cage. A gloating Leeds reveals she bribed Thorpe to replace Mitch with Brody before pushing the cage into the water. Before Brody can drown, Summer swims to him and gives him mouth-to-mouth resuscitation. However, Brody's hallucinating and realizes it is actually Mitch.  They catch up to Leeds before she can escape on a helicopter, but she captures Brody. Mitch aims a Roman candle at her and Ronnie and C. J. launch the fireworks, blowing her up. Ellerbee arrives, takes Leeds' henchmen into custody, and apologizes to Mitch. Thorpe arrives, berating Mitch for returning to the beach. Brody punches him in the face and Thorpe is arrested for his role in Leeds' plan.  Sometime later, Ronnie and Brody begin relationships with C. J. and Summer, respectively. Mitch, reinstated, announces that Summer, Ronnie, and Brody are no longer trainees and introduces them to their new captain, Casey Jean.
Jordan Jaye (Matthew Espinosa) is a teenage pop star on tour. While at a pit stop, Jordan gets off the bus, but the bus takes off before he can get back on. As he walks around town, he stops to take a look at a poster until a group of fans sees him and chases him. As he runs away, he bumps into Emily Lowe (Sarah Jeffery), who couldn't care less about Jordan and his status as a star, while she is delivering pizzas.  Jordan convinces Emily to give him a ride away. After Emily drives him away, Jordan convinces her to hide him for the night. Emily reluctantly agrees and the two hide out at a bowling ally until Emily's parents go to bed. Emily then sneaks Jordan into her room for the night.  The following day, Jordan convinces Emily to use her interest in art, and specifically her interest in street art, and share her designs with people by tagging the school. Before they go and do that, they bump into a former friend of Emily's, taking her down a notch. Then, as she has gotten through to her parents (thanks to Jordan), her parents convince them to have a sit-down meal together. Later, as they tag the school, the two bond over their feelings of not knowing what to do with their crafts and their futures.  They inspire one another to take charge of their own lives. Emily becomes inspired to apply to art school, he gives himself breaks off from his concerts, and in the end, he turns up in a tux and with a limo to accompany her to her prom.
Frankie is an aimless 19-year-old Brooklynite who spends his days hanging out and getting high with his macho friends as an escape from his troubled home life. His family includes his little sister and a mother who is mostly occupied with caring for his terminally ill father. At night, Frankie cruises Brooklyn Boys, a webcam site for gay men, but partially obscures his face with a hat.   When Frankie and his friends are at the Coney Island boardwalk watching fireworks, he catches the attentions of local girl Simone. Simone accompanies Frankie back to his place and tries to initiate sex with him, asking, "Am I pretty?" Frankie cannot perform and tries to make small talk instead, mocking and imitating her question. Insulted, Simone leaves. A few days later, Frankie and his friends are at the beach when they spot Simone with another guy. Frankie goes to apologize to Simone for his behavior the other night, and she tentatively forgives him. Meanwhile, Frankie uses the chat site to arrange hookups, particularly with older men as they are less likely to run into his friends and give away his double life. When a male partner asks about his penchant for older men, Frankie replies, "I don’t really know what I like."  Frankie suffers a loss when his father succumbs to his terminal cancer. Frankie takes his dad’s pills, which he and his friends have been abusing. On a day out with Simone, Frankie casually asks her if she’s ever made out with a girl. Simone replies she has, and makes an offhand comment that it’s hot when girls make out, but when guys make out, it’s gay. That night, Frankie forces himself to have sex with her. Later, after a hookup with a gay man at a motel, Frankie is asked about his orientation. Frankie says he is not gay and reasons he has a girlfriend.   Frankie’s secret life becomes increasingly at risk of being discovered when he happens to run into his male partners in public. Simone breaks things off with him when he becomes erratic while high on drugs. When Frankie and his friends are running out on their drug supply, Frankie proposes using the gay chat site, claiming that he uses it to find guys with weed. His friends show discomfort with the idea, but Frankie says all they need to do is pretend to be gay to get the drugs. Frankie lets the guys know he is meeting up with Jeremy, an out gay man closer to his age. Frankie invites Jeremy to come smoke with him and his friends, but Jeremy becomes wary when he catches sight of Frankie’s crew and leaves.   Later, Jeremy messages Frankie and says he wants to meet up and smoke with him, but alone. His friends see the message and insist on tagging along so they can steal Jeremy’s weed. When Frankie hesitates at the idea, his friends question why he even uses the chat site to begin with. Frankie again claims it’s just for drugs and says he will meet Jeremy at the beach. Jeremy arrives to pick up Frankie and during the car ride, Jeremy deduces Frankie is closeted, which Frankie resists with the belief that he does not think he is gay, and, in Jeremy's words, just "has sex with men".  On the beach, Frankie starts feeling remorse for bringing Jeremy there and suggests going back to his place. Just as Jeremy questions what’s going on, Frankie’s friends ambush Jeremy and demand the weed. When Jeremy refuses, Frankie’s friends beat him. Though Frankie retrieves the drug, his friends insist on continuing to beat Jeremy, whom they ultimately leave for dead in the waves.    At home, Frankie gets rid of all traces of the gay chat site on his computer, including shirtless selfies he’s taken. The film ends with him watching the fireworks again at the boardwalk, but with a look of anguish and uncertainty.
Businessman Sam, his wife Liz and his musician brother Nick with his girlfriend Christine are driving through a remote countryside to their father's birthday dinner. Several miles into a back road shortcut, they get a flat tire and are unable to get a cell phone signal to call for help. While repairing the tire, Sam berates Nick for wasting his life being a musician, his latest fling with Christine being another mistake on his judgement list.  As they are arguing, they are approached by a grizzly bear. Despite Nick's efforts to convince the group to calmly leave, Sam takes matters into his own hands and shoots the bear down with a handgun. After the bear dies, they are approached by a larger male bear who charges them in revenge, causing them to retreat into their minivan. In his rage, the bear overturns the minivan, trapping the humans inside.  After striding around for several minutes, the bear leaves, allowing the crew to turn the minivan over. But as they start driving, the axles break under both sets of tires, stranding them again. The group tries to leave on foot, but they are ambushed by the bear who chases them to an out-of-ground pipe. He tricks them into leaving for the minivan and attacks again; this time he is able to catch Christine who is killed while the others watch.  Nick begins to think that the bear is taking out his revenge on them one-by-one due to a Native American legend that bears are actually the reincarnated spirits of Shaman and are capable of human thoughts and emotion. Sam dismisses this and they set a trap to try to keep the bear in the car in order for them to escape. The trap is sprung, but Nick is nearly killed by the bear, forcing Sam and Liz to release the bear and retreat back into the vehicle themselves.  Sam opts as a marathon runner to jog the several miles to the restaurant, but when he arrives he is attacked by the bear before he can get help. Meanwhile, Liz tells Nick that she and Sam have been having serious financial troubles which has caused a rift in their marriage putting him into extraordinary debt and possibly under scrutiny for embezzlement from Sam's company, which is the reason he gave their father a Porsche (as the banks then wouldn't be able to collect it).  Sam is returned rather violently by the bear and released to climb into the car. Nick surmises there must be a reason Sam had been returned, and Liz reveals to him that she's pregnant. But it was established earlier that due to the rift in their marriage, they hadn't slept together in about six months while she is two months pregnant. Nick realizes that he is the father, from an affair he and Liz had months prior.  This breaks Sam's heart as Nick realizes the true reason the bear had locked all three of them together; Nick, realizing that Liz might be happier with Sam, offers to sacrifice himself and attack the bear so the other two can escape. As Nick is dying, Sam gives Liz a parting kiss and attempts to attack the bear with a stick, but is killed as well.   The bear then approaches Liz, who sinks to her knees as the bear sniffs her, closing her eyes ready to die. But the attack never comes, and the bear instead leaves her alone, likely having sensed her pregnancy, further acknowledging the Shaman legend. As she begins down the road by herself, the camera turns to the bodies of Sam and Nick lying next to each other and the screen goes black.
Tyler, an aspiring actor in his early twenties, has just moved to New York City in an attempt to jump-start his career. Young and slender, he fits in the "twink" category, but finds himself attracted to "bears", hairy and larger-bodied men. Tyler realizes his expectations of sexual escapades are falling far short of what he would have liked, while simultaneously falling for Roger, the muscle-bear friend of his roommates Fred and Brent. Meanwhile, Roger fears judgment for being with someone from outside the community, and hesitates to introduce Tyler to his friends.
In Katmai National Park and Preserve in Alaska, a Alaskan brown bear mother named Sky gives birth to two cubs named Scout and Amber in her den on a mountain slope. When April comes, the bears are ready to leave the den. As the bears leave, the oncoming summer brings with it a threat of avalanches. The bears are able to avoid the disasters. Upon reaching the lush valley below, the cubs meet the other bears, some of which pose a threat to the cubs; among these bears are Magnus, a big healthy male who dominates the valley, and his rival Chinook, an older male. The family works together to survive the spring, with Sky keeping the cubs safe from Tikaani, a pesky lone wolf. The cubs get to know how to defend themselves in encounters with Tikaani. The family also stays clear of the frequent dominance fights between Magnus and Chinook.  As the spring wears on, the cubs learn about how to catch food. Sky leads the cubs to the mudflats to dig up clams hiding under the mud. The family has a good time until the tide turns. In the chaos, Scout gets stranded on a sandbar. Unable to do much, Sky can only look on as the cub tries to free himself. He finally comes to his senses and swims over to Sky. The family heads back to higher ground, where, after another encounter with Magnus, Chinook attacks again. As Sky fights off the male bear, Amber and Scout hide in a nearby log. After Chinook is driven away, Amber reappears from the log, but Scout is nowhere to be seen. Sky looks for him all day, but to no avail. Eventually, just as Sky and Amber are about to give up searching, Scout comes right back out of the log he had been hiding in the whole time.  When summer comes, so does the yearly salmon run. Dozens of bears gather along salmon streams on the coast & the rivers, especially the Great Falls, where only adult males are allowed, to get the best of the run before it ends. This also leads in an increase in dominance fights between Magnus and Chinook. Sky, meanwhile, is looking for a different place to find food, the Golden Pond, where bears can make the best of the salmon run peacefully. After feasting on washed up mussels and rock eels in a hidden sanctuary, and the cubs having their first taste of salmon while going up river towards, a raven leads Sky and her two cubs to the direction of the Golden Pond just in time to save the brown bear family from their starvation. She and her cubs leave Katmai and head north to Lake Clark National Park and Preserve, where the Golden Pond awaits, filled with salmon. After the family fill themselves on the riches of the feast, they head back to Katmai as winter approaches. When the first snow arrives, all the bears head back up the mountains to their dens to sleep out the harsh cold winter. The cubs have learned a lot from their first year which will greatly help them for the rest of their lives.
Sean Haggerty (Daniel Radcliffe) is a pilot who transports cocaine across the United States border. Over the course of his final day on the job, he must successfully navigate both the Drug Enforcement Administration and the Cartel, while simultaneously salvaging his fraught marriage.
The mayor of a small town, which is being terrorised by a bloodthirsty Easter bunny, refuses to act. The kills start to pile up when the "Beaster" bunny starts to crave more human flesh. It is up to a dumb witted dog-catcher and a wannabe actress to save the town. The townsfolk are confused by the origins of this evil bunny and his history remains a mystery. Attacks are growing more gruesome by the minute and time is running out for the small town.  It is a parody of Here Comes Peter Cottontail (1971).
Kyle Kingson (Alex Pettyfer) is the arrogant and vain son of news anchor Rob Kingson (Peter Krause). Kyle bullies Kendra Hilferty (Mary-Kate Olsen), not knowing she is a witch; she transforms him into a bald, scarred, heavily tattooed shell of his former self. She warns Kyle that he will remain altered for the rest of his life, unless he finds someone who loves him by the next spring. Kyle is taken to live in a private house with their maid Zola Davies (LisaGay Hamilton) and the blind tutor Will (Neil Patrick Harris). Both are comforts to Kyle when his father, unable to deal with his transformation, has abandoned him.  As spring nears, Kyle finds himself infatuated with Lindy Taylor (Vanessa Hudgens), a former classmate he had avoided. He rescues her drug-addicted father from two dealers, shooting one; the other vows to kill Lindy. Kyle persuades Lindy's father (Roc Lafortune) to allow her to move in with him. At first, Kyle uses a false identity and introduces himself as Hunter. He also refuses to see Lindy and hides from her, which angers her to the point that she stops speaking to him. Kyle eventually reveals his face and the two begin to warm up to each other. Kyle writes a letter professing his love for Lindy but does not give it to her for fear of rejection. He visits Kendra to plead for more time; she refuses, but agrees to restore Will's vision and grant green cards to Zola's three children in Jamaica if he gets Lindy to fall in love with him.  The surviving drug dealer lands in jail. Kyle and Lindy visit Lindy's hospitalized father. He gives her the letter but regrets it when she tells him she considers him a good friend. Lindy calls him after reading the letter, but a heartbroken Kyle does not answer the phone. Persuaded by Will and Zola, Kyle goes to meet Lindy one last time before she leaves on a school trip to Machu Picchu. Kyle tells her to go, but as she leaves, Lindy tells him that she loves him, breaking the curse. Kyle's former self is restored but Lindy does not recognize him and tries to call Hunter but Kyle's phone rings instead. When Lindy realizes what happened, the two share a passionate kiss on the side of the street.  After the curse is lifted, Will wakes up with the ability to see and Zola receives the green cards. Kendra approaches Rob Kingson's office as a new intern, implying that she will test Rob like she did Kyle.  An alternate ending was filmed where Lindy gets kidnapped by the drug dealer, and Kyle gets shot while in the process of saving her. As he lies injured in her arms, she confesses her love to him, breaking the curse in a fashion more closely based on the book and the original Beauty and the Beast story. This ending was not used in the official release, but it was used in the official video game for the Wii.
A young boy, Agu, lives in a small West African village with his parents and siblings, located within a "buffer zone" enforced by ECOMOG troops. The village is informed that the government has fallen and military-aligned rebels have seized control of the country. With rebel forces headed towards the village, many people flee to the country's capital for safety. Agu's father buys safe transport for his wife and two youngest children, but has to stay behind with Agu and his eldest son. Rebel and government forces fight in and around Agu's village. While the rebel soldiers flee, government forces round up the remaining villagers and execute them, but Agu escapes into the jungle.  After wandering for a while, Agu is caught up in a guerrilla skirmish. The Native Defense Forces (NDF), a rising rebel faction in the country, adopt Agu into their ranks. Agu's battalion is led by the Commandant, who takes Agu under his wing. Following a brutal initiation process where Agu hacks an innocent captive to death with a machete, Agu becomes a fully-fledged member of the militia. Agu befriends another young NDF child soldier, Strika, who never speaks. One night, the Commandant summons Agu to his quarters and rapes him. Strika, another of the Commandant's rape victims, comforts him. Preacher, an older soldier, gives Agu brown-brown to lift his mood. Agu and Strika take part in a number of bloody battles and ambushes. During one of the raids Agu, under the influence of brown-brown, mistakes a villager for his mother. He exclaims that he found her and clings to her while the other members of the group declare they want to rape her. The woman does not recognize Agu and he calls her a witch woman. Agu then shoots the woman while she is being raped.  The battalion's many victories earn them a summons to the rebel headquarters, where the Commandant, accompanied by Agu, Strika, and a few other soldiers, go to meet with the NDF leader, Dada Goodblood. Goodblood, who stresses the importance of public image in the wake of the conflict becoming world news, denies the Commandant his promised promotion to General, and removes him from command. The Commandant's lieutenant, Two I-C, will take control of the battalion, and the Commandant will be made Deputy Chief of Security under the leader. The Commandant views this as an insult, and leaves to "celebrate" with his men at a brothel. While the adult soldiers spend the night with the brothel's women, one of the women shoots Two I-C. Two I-C accuses the Commandant of orchestrating the incident before dying, while the Commandant insists it must have been a botched attempt against himself. The prostitute professes that it was an accident, but the Commandant and his men shoot the women and leave the city.  Now on the run from their own faction as well as their enemies, the battalion suffers heavy losses. Air strikes and supply shortages kill Strika and many others. The survivors take shelter at a gold mine for several months, hoping to find gold to pay for supplies. Ammunition runs out, leaving the group with no way to defend themselves from encroaching enemy forces. Following a confrontation between a frustrated Preacher and paranoid Commandant, Agu and the soldiers all abandon the Commandant to surrender, ignoring his warnings that they will merely be thrown in jail and disowned by their families. Shortly after, they are detained by UN troops.  The younger members of the battalion are sent to a missionary school in a safe part of the country, while Preacher and Randy decide to run away to rejoin the war. Agu avoids the other children, who play games and enjoy the comfort and safety of the school. Agu suffers from drug withdrawal and is tormented by what has happened and has nightmares about it. Eventually, Agu tells the school's counselor that he has done some terrible things, which he fears will make her see him as a "beast". Instead he tells of how he used to be a good boy from a family who loved him. The final scene shows Agu finally joining the other boys as they swim and play in the ocean.
Six-year-old Hushpuppy and her ailing, hot-tempered father Wink live in a small community on an island in the Louisiana bayou called the "Bathtub". Although it lies beyond the levee system that helps protect the land to the north from rising sea levels, Wink thinks it is the most beautiful place in the world and looks down on the way people live on the other side of the levee.  In a rustic community schoolhouse, Miss Bathsheba teaches the children of the Bathtub about prehistoric creatures called aurochs that terrorized cavemen and ate their children. She says the cavemen did not bemoan their fate, however, and the students should remember this lesson and learn how to survive, since the fabric of the universe will soon come "unraveled", causing the ice caps to melt and the Bathtub to end up underwater.  At home, Hushpuppy finds Wink has gone missing, so she fends for herself. When he returns, he is wearing a hospital gown and bracelet. They argue, and he tells Hushpuppy to leave him alone. She returns to her house, which is a separate building from the one in which Wink resides, and finds her food burning on the stove. She turns up the heat, which sets her house on fire and draws Wink's attention. A chase ensues between the two, and she ends up getting slapped by Wink. When she retaliates by punching him in the chest, he collapses. At the same moment, there is a rumble of thunder. Hushpuppy thinks she has thrown off the balance of the Universe by striking her father and runs to get help. Miss Bathsheba gives her some herbal medicine, but when Hushpuppy gets back home Wink is nowhere to be found.  Meanwhile, Hushpuppy imagines that the ice calving releases some aurochs that have been frozen in polar ice into the ocean. Throughout the rest of the film, they are seen to reach land, break out of the ice that encases them, and make their way toward the Bathtub.  As the weather worsens and Hushpuppy watches many residents of the Bathtub fleeing the impending flood, she sees Wink staggering along the side of the road. He finds some friends and encourages them to ride out the storm before taking Hushpuppy home to do the same. The Bathtub floods overnight, and the next day Wink and Hushpuppy tour the devastation and reconnect with the handful of their neighbors who have also stayed behind.  The remaining Bathtub residents build floating homes and make plans to rebuild their community. Some of them think the flooding is only temporary, but Miss Bathsheba thinks it is permanent and says the amount of time before they will have to move is limited. As time passes, it seems likely that she is right, so Wink hatches a plan to drain the water away by blowing a hole in the levee with an alligator gar carcass stuffed with explosives. The water recedes, but then authorities arrive to enforce a mandatory evacuation of the Bathtub. They remove the remaining residents to an emergency shelter and Wink undergoes an operation for his ailment against his wishes. It has come too late to restore his health, however, and he tries to send Hushpuppy to be raised by someone else, but she refuses to go. At the first opportunity, the evacuees escape back to their homes.  While Wink lies dying, Hushpuppy and a few of her friends attempt to swim to a flashing light across the water that she feels might lead her to her absent mother. They are picked up by a boat that takes them to a floating bar known as the Elysian Fields. Hushpuppy thinks that the cook is her mother, though the woman doesn't recognize her. The cook says Hushpuppy can stay with her if she wants, but Hushpuppy says she needs to go home.  Hushpuppy gets back to the Bathtub just as the aurochs are also arriving. Her friends run away, but she calmly stands her ground and confronts the aurochs. She convinces them to leave and goes to be with Wink. They say their last goodbyes and she and the remaining residents of the Bathtub give him the funeral he asked for.
The film opens with a woman rowing a boat in a mangrove swamp where she encounters a white goat on the shore. Next, Beatriz Blanco, a masseuse, is shown waking up at her Altadena home amongst her various animals. She heads off to a cancer treatment center in Santa Monica where she helps patients with alternative medicine.  After work, Beatriz drives to the Newport Beach home of affluent client Kathy to give her a massage before her dinner party. When Beatriz’s car won’t start after the massage, Kathy invites Beatriz to stay for the dinner party, to the chagrin of her husband Grant who thinks it’s a bad idea because they are entertaining important business connections.  The first guests to arrive are married couple Shannon and Alex, who are about to make a small fortune off of a business venture. Next to arrive is Doug Strutt, the guest of honor and a real estate tycoon, with his wife Jeana. Kathy introduces Beatriz to her friends and explains how they met: Beatriz treated Tara, Kathy and Grant's daughter who is currently away at college. Kathy claims Beatriz’s alternative therapies helped Tara beat cancer. When Beatriz learns that a friend won't be able to come help with her car until the morning, Kathy insists that she stay the night.  Interactions between Doug and Beatriz get off to a bad start with Doug mistaking her for one of the house staff members. Beatriz tells Doug he looks familiar to her, and he tells her that because of his various businesses, it is possible she saw him in the news. During dinner, Beatriz discusses how a hotel built in her home state of Guerrero promised jobs and opportunities for her community but ended up destroying it; her family lost their home, and the police killed protesters. Doug admits to having hotels in Mexico, but insists his hotel is not the same one Beatriz describes.   In the living room, tensions come to a head when Doug brags about his hunting of animals while on safari in South Africa and passes around his phone that has a photo of a dead rhinoceros he hunted. When Beatriz sees the photo, she calls the act "disgusting" and hurls the mobile at Doug. She exits the room as Doug laughs it off, saying not everyone can handle the graphic image.  Beatriz apologizes to Kathy and promises to make it up to her, with Kathy recommending she go to bed early. Beatriz goes to Tara's room, where she Googles Doug on the computer. The search results reveal that Doug's businesses have been involved in various controversies and legal problems. Beatriz then decides to rejoin the guests on the patio and brings a guitar with her. She sings a song titled "Las simples cosas," telling the guests it is about "how we always want to go back to the places where we loved life, but the old, simple things are now gone."  After the song, she and Doug again trade words, with Doug insisting on the idea of manifest destiny, and Beatriz arguing that instead of hunting and killing, he should try healing. When the argument escalates and Beatriz calls out the privilege of the guests, Grant angrily tells her she needs to leave immediately and he will call a tow truck for her. Kathy tries to give Beatriz money, but she rejects it.  Doug follows Beatriz outside the house and tells her she should lighten up and not take things so seriously. Beatriz reiterates her certainty that she knows him from somewhere. When the truck arrives, Beatriz gets in, but she leaves to retrieve something from the house. She goes to Grant’s office and picks up a letter opener, then charges at Doug who is in the foyer talking on the phone. She stabs him in the throat, and the other guests run to him, horrified. However, the sequence is revealed to be a fantasy, as Beatriz simply drops the letter opener and gets back in the truck. As the truck drives alongside the ocean, Beatriz asks the driver to pull over. She gradually walks to the beach and submerges herself in the water. She reawakens in her boat on the mangrove swamp of the film's opening.
In Chicago, a single mother, Carla, has cooked dinner and sends her daughter, Kari, out to find her brother, August. Kari and August are the victims of a shooting and Kari dies. 18 months later August suffers from PTSD and anxiety attacks due to the incident and spends most of his time in his room. Carla goes to work every day and is overprotective of August. August pines for the girl of his dreams Niyah and watches from his window as his best friend Laz sell drugs.  School principal Vanessa, tells her staff that she is going to cut personnel if attendance does not improve. She hires her soon to be ex-husband, Romelo, as the school security guard and tasks him with trying to get August, who has not been to school for months, to return to class. Romelo is unaware of August's issues and scares him when he enters his bedroom after hearing August working on a piece of music. Romelo secretly befriends August and sees the boy as his ticket back to the hip-hop music scene and a way to keep his wife. The two begin to work on music together.  Romelo tells August he needs to find a reason to write music. August reflects on his feelings towards Niyah, but is torn as his friend Laz likes her too. August writes a song for Niyah and gives it to her to listen to. Romelo sets up a date and makes contact with his old music producer friends. Queen Cabrini sings the song at a street party and people react positively. Carla comes home from work to find August missing. She calls the police and Romelo is arrested.  August destroys all the music equipment in his room and runs away. August blames himself for his sister's death and feels that he is a burden on his mother. Romelo explains to August that he is just a boy and not everything is his fault. He confesses to August that he was using him too. The pair decide to do things differently and August starts back at school, being welcomed by Principal Vanessa and his new girlfriend Niyah.
Millionaire and Fontainebleau Miami Beach hotel heir Benji 'Ben' Novack, Jr. (Lowe) marries a stunning stripper, Narcisa 'Narcy' Véliz Pacheco (Vega). But their kinky-infested relationship, soon becomes tarnished by a sea of love and distrust. When Ben's mother, Bernice Novack (Bergen), is found dead in her home in Fort Lauderdale, Florida, her death is ruled out as an accidental fall. Ben’s suspicions surrounding Narcy lead to his demise at the hands of his ruthless wife. As police untangle a web of deviant behavior, Narcy emerges as the prime suspect, and her conviction for orchestrating the murders of both of her husband and mother-in-law soon follows.
The film opens up with home videos of a husband and wife at the beach with their young son. A young man reads a short story to a small group about a boy and girl; saying that they didn't know it, but their lives would one day irrevocably change. But he finds that none of the group are paying attention to him. Bill and Kate are a married couple who are tightly wound and devoted to their work. Bill is a businessman, and Kate proofreads books for a living. The only thing keeping them together is their eighteen-year-old son Sam, who is having trouble adjusting to college.  One morning, it is reported on the news that there has been a shooting spree at Sam's school. They are then visited by the police who inform them that Sam is not only dead, but that he was the gunman. Kate refuses to believe that their son would do something so horrible, and spends the night tidying up Sam's room which had been searched by the police. As the news media descends upon the couple the following day, Bill and Kate decide to stay with Kate's brother Eric and his wife Trish. The next morning, Eric and Trish's son Dylan turns on the television to see a video made by Sam about the impending massacre. Bill then decides to issue a public statement, saying that they are both deeply sorry over what has happened, and ask for their privacy as they endeavor to get their lives back on track. They have a small funeral with only family present.  Trish soon becomes agitated at Kate's nit-picking, and her attempts to mother Dylan, but Eric says that she has to be sensitive to their situation since Sam was her only child. They eventually leave, saying they are going to visit a friend, but check into a motel instead. The manager not knowing who they are, makes a comment about Sam and his "monster family". Bill and Kate spend the night together seeming to rekindle their romantic feelings. Then Bill goes back to the house where he finds a teenage boy in Sam's room going through his belongings. They have a short scuffle where Bill cuts his hand, and the boy calls him a "psycho". He returns to the motel with their laptop, and finds a video from Sam. He and Kate view it together; Sam only says "mom and dad , I'm sorry, please don't hate me".  Bill and Kate get into an argument about what could have caused Sam to kill all those innocent people. Bill lashes out at Kate for always critiquing every decision that Sam ever made, but she says that he was never there for them because he was always so busy working. Bill ends up yelling that he wishes that Sam was never born, and Kate leaves.  Kate goes back to their house for the first time since the shooting, and looks through Sam's room. Bill meets with his boss Harry, who reluctantly agrees that he can return to work next week. While grocery shopping, Kate runs into her young co-worker Cooper. They go back to the house, after sharing a sad memory he excuses himself for the bathroom. Kate then discovers Cooper is actually researching Sam when she finds Cooper's notebook. She catches him in Sam's room looking through Sam's stories. He explains that he is writing a piece about the shooting, but that he wanted to portray Sam in a more human light by learning more about him. Saddened, Kate asks him to leave. Bill finally returns to work, but feels alienated by the rest of the staff who keep staring at him. After Bill furiously demands what their problem is, Harry tells Bill to take more time off to see a therapist, so he quits.  Bill later visits the cemetery to find Sam's gravestone vandalized, with the word killer written on it. He breaks down both physically and emotionally as he tries to scrub the word off with his bandaged hand. Kate reads all of Sam's stories, and goes to Sam's gravestone as well. She gets a call from the motel manager about Bill, and finds him curled up and depressed in their old room. Kate embraces the emotionally distraught Bill, and takes him home.  Sam's voice is heard again as he ends his short story about the boy and girl. He says that no matter what they do, their lives will never be the same.
New York Times writer David Sheff's teenage son Nicolas "Nic" Sheff goes missing, reappearing in their home two days later. Seeing obvious signs of drug use, David takes Nic to a rehab clinic. Progress is made, and Nic transfers to a halfway house, with the agreement of Nic's doctors. Days later, Nic disappears, and David finds him in the streets.  Back at the rehab facility, Nic reveals that he has been taking numerous drugs, including crystal meth. Nic eventually completes his rehab program, and seeing his improvements, combined with wishful thinking, David allows him to go away to college on his own, to become a writer. Nic's newfound freedom and sobriety start well, as he becomes a good student, and starts a relationship with his classmate, Julia. During a happy family dinner at his girlfriend's parents' house, Nic finds a bottle of pills in their medicine cabinet and swallows one. After this incident, he slowly relapses, causing Julia to break up with him, and his substance use to escalate until he eventually purchases heroin. Around this time, beginning to become suspicious of his slowly changing behavior, David decides to read Nic's diary. To his horror, Nic has filled half the pages by colorfully describing his growing addictions through worrying words and disturbing cartoons. On one of the last pages, Nic writes of his difficulty obtaining meth in college, but that he managed to score some heroin.  Returning home, David senses that Nic is using again, and Nic leaves of his own accord, feeling claustrophobic from his dad's suspicions about his drug use. David and Nic finally meet up, and Nic asks his dad for money, so he can go to New York. Knowing the money will almost certainly go towards drugs, David declines, and Nic angrily leaves. David later gets a call from a New York hospital saying Nic has overdosed. David flies there to retrieve him, and after talking to his ex-wife and Nic's mother Vicki, he decides Nic should be sent to live with her in Los Angeles.  Nic has a fresh start in Los Angeles. He attends 12 step meetings, spends time with his sponsor Spencer, and even works at a drug clinic to help newer patients overcome their addiction. Fourteen months sober, Nic drives to visit David and his family. Seeing Nic back to his old self, interacting happily with his two younger half-siblings, David is proud of his son's newfound sobriety, as is his wife Karen. As he departs from their home, however, Nic has a sudden surge of depression, resents his sobriety, and fears relapsing. Spencer gives Nic moral support over the phone, but to little avail. Later that night, Nic drives into San Francisco, where he runs into Lauren, a fellow drug addict from his past, and confesses his desire to "party," despite having been clean for quite some time. The two buy various drugs in the streets, which they proceed to inject together at Lauren's place, where they have sex.  When he learns Nic has gone missing again, David prepares to look for him, but Karen protests that he has done everything he can for Nic, and he cannot do anything to fix his addiction, which David heartbrokenly accepts. One day Nic and Lauren break into the home while David and his family are not there, and retrieve some valuable items. The family come home, and the two quickly depart. At first, they go undetected, but David's other son Jasper notices Nic, and both David and Karen go to find them. Karen chases them in their car but stops and lets them drive off.  Lauren overdoses, but is revived by Nic and is sent to the hospital. Nic tearfully calls David and asks for permission to come home, which his father declines. Nic continues to plead, but David hangs up and breaks down in tears. Despairing, Nic overdoses, but he survives. David and Vicki visit him in the hospital, and David and Nic tearfully embrace.  Closing titles reveal Nic has been sober for eight years, and it would not have been possible without the love and support of his family and friends. During the credits, Nic recites 'Let It Enfold You' by Charles Bukowski.
In Gatlin, South Carolina, a teenager, Ethan Wate, awakens from a recurring dream of a girl he has not met. He despairs of his small-town existence and dreams of leaving for college. His first day of junior year, a newcomer, Lena Duchannes, resembles the girl in Ethan's dreams. Other students gossip about Lena's reclusive uncle, Macon Ravenwood, and suggest that the members of her family are devil worshippers. On the way home, Ethan nearly runs her over. He gives her a ride, and they bond over interests.  In class, a few students insist that they cannot be in class with Lena and pray to be protected from her and her family. Visibly shaken, her class windows shatter, which increases fears and suspicions that she is a witch. Ethan and Lena become friends, and he gives her a locket that he found at Greenbriar. Both touch the locket, which triggers a shared flashback to the American Civil War.  Macon disapproves of their relationship and conspires with Ethan's family friend Amma to separate them. Lena tells Ethan that she and her family are "casters" (called witches by mortals) and can perform spells. On her 16th birthday, her true nature will reveal itself toward either the light or dark.  Complications arise when two powerful dark casters aim to push Lena to the dark: Ridley, Lena's cousin, and Lena's mother, Sarafine, who did not raise Lena and has possessed Mrs. Lincoln, the mother of Ethan's friend Link.  Foreseeing that Lena will become a powerful caster, Sarafine wants Lena to use her power to purge the Earth of mortals and to leave just casters. The couple have another flashback of their past with the locket that reveals that their ancestors, the caster Genevieve Duchannes and the mortal Confederate soldier Ethan Carter Wate, were in love. Ethan died in battle, and Genevieve revived him. Doing so laid a curse on all Duchannes women, who will go dark on their 16th birthday. A mortified Lena asks Amma to help since she is a seer and keeper of the caster library, which is beneath the town library and extends across the United States. The most ancient of the books reveals the secret to undoing the curse: a person Lena loves has to die. Unwilling to take Ethan's life, Lena erases his memories of their love.  Seducing Link, Ridley gives him a bullet to use in the upcoming Civil War reenactment of the Battle of Honey Hill, which is also Lena's 16th birthday. Lena feels the shock of the curse being broken, runs to Ethan, and clutches his dying body while Ridley and Sarafine encourage her to accept the dark. Lena lashes out in anger and sends a huge tornado through the crowd until Ethan's body transforms into Macon, who disguised himself to be the sacrifice to lift the curse. As he is dying, he reveals that he promised Ethan's mother to keep her son alive. Those dying words encourage Lena to "claim [her]self." She causes the moon to disappear so it cannot claim her for the dark. Allowing Ridley to flee, she pulls Sarafine from Mrs. Lincoln's body and powerfully seals away Sarafine's spirit.  Six months later, a still-amnesiac Ethan visits Amma in the library before a college tour with Link. Lena gives him a book that they had once shared as a present. Lena is a half light/dark caster. As Link and Ethan reach the town line, the town's burned exit sign reminds him of the past momentarily. He gets out of the car and shouts Lena, who hears his call.
New Yorker late-teen Nicole (Aimee Teegarden) visits her estranged grandmother (Patricia Richardson) in Santa Cruz, California for the summer.  She learns family history, meets a boy, takes a road trip to Mexico, learns to surf, and discovers her missing-or-presumed-dead grandfather.
Beautiful Women Wake Up Early is an experimental piece that looks at the lives of several women—a model, a panic attack stricken woman, a musician, a writer, a romantic ageing woman, an inspired actress, an older theater actress–and how they try to cope with vanity, beauty, death, ageing, gender complexities.Facebook Beautiful Women Wake Up Early
As three fathers fight to save their families, their lives become intertwined in an unlikely journey across the world, where they learn about forgiveness and reconciliation.
Lane Daniels (Hilary Duff) is an aspiring writer with a keen interest in fashion. She meets with Kate (Jaime Pressly), the primary editor at Cosmopolitan magazine, to pitch a story idea. Lane laments to Kate how difficult it is to find a good man, and lists an elaborate checklist of ideal attributes she is searching for in her ideal partner. Kate assigns Lane a mission to infiltrate the "business world" and write an article about finding a corporate man who meets all the criteria on her checklist. With a fraudulent résumé, Lane bluffs her way into getting an administrative assistant position in at a major investment firm under managing director Tom (Michael McMillian).   Lane starts work at the firm while attempting to find men to date. She sets up a date with Seth, a co-worker. Shortly afterwards, she meets Liam (Chris Carmack) at a bar on a night out with her best friend Joanne (Amanda Walsh), and is immediately impressed. He meets several qualities on her checklist, including being handsome, British, polite, and a world traveler. They go on a date, which Lane finds more romantic and interesting than the one she goes on with Seth.   Tom discovers Lane's qualifications for the job are fabricated. However, mollified by her attempts to actually complete her tasks, lets her off with a warning to stop lying and continue working. Additionally, Kate reminds Lane that her task was to date only "businessmen in suits," which Liam is not. Kate tells Lane to focus on Seth, but Lane decides to continue seeing Liam, while using the name and persona of Seth in her article.  Due to her fashion expertise, Lane is assigned to handle the visuals for an upcoming meeting with the firm's boss. Tom asks Lane to help him with a makeover before the meeting, and they spend a day shopping and spending time together.   While Lane is off to pick up mock-ups of the visuals at the printer, Tom, on returning to the office, accidentally finds Lane's article. When she returns, he angrily confronts her about her deception. She leaves, thinking she is fired. That night, while commiserating with Joanne, Lane discovers that Liam is a fraud and lied about his past as a world traveler. In reality, he works as a waiter at a restaurant.   The next day, to Lane's surprise, Tom calls her in to attend the meeting and present the visuals she created. Afterwards, Tom and Lane part, and he wishes her luck on her article.   Kate and Lane meet, and Lane is apprehensive, believing she will be fired again for not following through on her assigned story. However, she is surprised when Kate is approving of the story. Kate muses that Lane's experiences and subsequent article revealed a more compelling story of her own self-discovery. Through their conversation, Lane realizes Tom is the man she has been looking for. She runs to his office to find him, and professes her love for him. He tells her that he loves her too, and they embrace.  In a final scene, Lane's next Cosmopolitan article is called "How to Help Your Boyfriend Become More Fashion Savvy.: Tom continues to reach new successes at his job, and Lane and Tom are shown to be happy together.
Set in the Portland area of downtown Louisville, Kentucky, the film follows Angie Simms (Auden Thornton), a poverty-stricken young mother  taking care of her three-year-old son Trey (Jameson Fowler) and her alcoholic mother (Catherine Curtin). She works at a convenience store which Lorraine (Laura Bell Bundy), a dancer at a local club, frequents. Lorraine insists the men "ain't using me, I'm using them." Angie finds out the house her family is living in is condemned and they must move immediately. Out of options, she decides to try to sue Bruce (Jeff Kober) a man who abused her as a child, only to find out that at twenty-four, she is one year past the statute of limitations under Kentucky law.  She seeks help from Zachariah (Radney Foster) the father of a childhood friend, Pastor Hodges (Deirdre Lovejoy), Kaylee (Paten Hughes) a childhood acquaintance, and Pam (Madison Iseman) a girl a few years younger than she.
A selfish and unkind prince hosting a ball is visited in his castle by an enchantress disguised as a beggar woman, who offers him an enchanted rose in exchange for shelter from a storm. When he rebuffs her, she reveals her true form and transforms him into a beast and his servants into household objects before erasing them from the memories of their loved ones. Unless the prince learns to love someone and earn that person's love before the last petal of the rose falls, he will remain a beast forever and the servants will become inanimate objects.  Several years later in the nearby village of Villeneuve, Belle, the bookworm daughter of widowed artist Maurice, dreams of adventure while constantly rejecting advances from Gaston, an arrogant hunter and war veteran. One day, Maurice becomes lost in the forest and seeks refuge in the Beast's castle. The Beast imprisons him after he steals a rose from the garden for Belle. Belle offers to take her father's place as prisoner; the Beast agrees.  Belle befriends the castle's servants, including candelabra/footman Lumiere, mantel clock/majordomo Cogsworth, feather-duster/maid Plumette, teapot/housekeeper Mrs. Potts, and her son Chip, a teacup. When she finds the enchanted rose, the Beast angrily forces her to flee outside. Belle is ambushed by wolves and the Beast rescues her, injuring himself. As she nurses his wounds, they bond. He shows her a gift from the enchantress, a book that transports readers to their desired location. She visits her childhood home in Paris, where she discovers a plague doctor's mask and realizes that when she was an infant, she forcibly departed with her father after her mother's death from the bubonic plague, which Maurice was hesitant to reveal.  In Villeneuve, Maurice fails to convince the other villagers of the Beast. Gaston, believing that rescuing Belle could win her hand in marriage, agrees to help him. When Maurice discovers his ulterior motive, Gaston abandons him to be devoured by wolves. Maurice is rescued by the town hermit Agathe but Gaston convinces the village to send Maurice to an insane asylum.  Belle discovers Maurice's predicament via a magic mirror. The Beast releases her to save him. Arriving back in town, she reveals the Beast via the mirror, shocking the townsfolk and proving her father's sanity. Realizing Belle has fallen for the Beast, Gaston jealously has her thrown into the asylum carriage with Maurice, then rallies the villagers to slay the Beast. Belle tells Maurice about her mother's death, and the two escape.  Gaston attacks the depressed Beast, who regains his spirit upon seeing Belle return. He spares Gaston's life, but Gaston shoots the Beast from an unstable bridge; its collapse sends Gaston falling to his death. The Beast dies just as the last petal falls, and the servants become inanimate objects. As Belle tearfully professes her love to him, Agathe reveals herself as the enchantress and undoes the curse, restoring the Beast and his servants to their human forms along with the villagers' memories. The film ends with Belle and the prince hosting a ball for the kingdom.
Becks (Hall) is a backup musician for her singer girlfriend, Lucy (Kiyoko), living in New York City. After Lucy is cast in an upcoming aspiring singer reality TV show, she moves to Los Angeles and Becks packs up their apartment and road trips to meet her. When Becks arrives in LA she catches Lucy with another woman. Becks then moves back to her hometown of St. Louis, Missouri to live with her devoutly Catholic mother, Ann (Lahti), who states she is uncomfortable with Becks' sexuality. Becks then rekindles a friendship with her former high school boyfriend, Dave (Fogler), who now owns a bar in town. Becks begins to play shows regularly at the bar and meets Elyse (Suvari), the bored housewife of a man Becks went to high school with. Elyse pays Becks for guitar lessons and they begin a clandestine romance. After Ann catches them having sex, she kicks Becks out of the house. Becks and Elyse plan to move to New York together, but Becks leaves without her and returns to Brooklyn.
The story itself is told through an interview with Lazenby, with cutaways to reenactments where actors lip-synch to or voiceover Lazenby's dialogue. Lazenby describes his birth as an at-risk infant and how his humiliation at being the only student to fail in his school grade and attend graduation without receiving his certificate made an impact on him to never fail at anything again.  After getting a job as a car mechanic, he noticed that the car salesmen seemed to have a much more glamorous life, so he convinced the dealership manager to let him try his hand at sales. After failing to sell any cars, he attended a course from the popular "How to Win Friends and Influence People" symposium, where the only lesson he recalls learning is: "Listen first and let the other person do the talking." Pretty soon, he was successful at the job, and was the key contact for embassy staff vehicle transactions, which brought him in contact with the granddaughter of an Australian politician. When she moved to London, he followed as a steerage passenger, hoping to win her heart. Upon his arrival, he discovered she had abandoned him in pursuit of a player on the Oxford University cricket team. Fearing he had once again failed in life, his attempts to charm her set him on a path that would land him the role as one of the smoothest leading male characters in film history: James Bond, who always gets the girl in the end.  The Bond film, entitled On Her Majesty's Secret Service, was released in December 1969 to steady acclaim, box-office record sales and sent Lazenby into the path of one of Hollywood's next stars. Unfortunately, being James Bond meant surrendering his own sense of self, and he walked away from the fame and fortune that would have come with the role, after his one and only film in the franchise. Following a dwindling in his film career, Lazenby settled back in Australia, where he became a realtor, married, raised a family and led a happy and normal life.  In retrospect, Lazenby in the present day has found his peace in everything he did before and after Bond. Additionally, Lazenby was given much acclaim in modern times for his role as James Bond, with On Her Majesty's Secret Service held in high regard, and considered as one of the finest films in the franchise - and even the best by some.
The film opens with the death of Nikki, a young woman that recently downloaded Mr. Bedevil, a mysterious Siri-like A.I. app. She's stalked by a paranormal presence and is later found dead from a shock-induced heart attack. Following her funeral, Nikki's boyfriend, Cody, and best friend, Alice, along with Alice's boyfriend, Gavin, and friends, Haley and Dan, all receive invites to download Mr. Bedevil. They decide to download the app, which results in the group getting tormented by Mr. Bedevil and becoming haunted according to their personal fears. They also discover brands on their bodies in the shape of Mr. Bedevil’s app icon and eventually accept that the app is intent on killing them. Trying to destroy their phones will not stop Mr. Bedevil, as their phones will only get restored to their prior state.  The group tries to go to the police with their concerns after the app uploads a sex tape made by Haley and Dan, only for Mr. Bedevil to possess the police, making the application impossible to stop through normal means. As the tension mounts, the app tricks Gavin into coming to Alice's house, where he's murdered by clowns. The remaining friends manage to recover Nikki's phone, through which they discover that Nikki received an invite via Samuel Price, Nikki’s former physics tutor and pseudoscience enthusiast. Alice and Cody go to Sam's house, where they discover his body as well as audiotapes of Sam's research, which identify Mr. Bedevil as a paranormal presence that uses the app to enter reality in a manner similar to an Ouija board. Meanwhile, Haley and Dan are both murdered by Mr. Bedevil in ways that mimic their fears.  Cody discovers that it is possible to uninstall Mr. Bedevil from their phones by writing code that will accomplish this task. Because the app is capable of adapting and rewriting its firmware, Cody can only use his program when Mr. Bedevil enters the physical world by first connecting to the phone’s hardware. Alice and Cody set a trap for Mr. Bedevil at a warehouse using two separate computer stations. They manage to successfully uninstall Mr. Bedevil from Alice's phone but are unable to do the same for Cody's phone, as the second computer station's uninstall program fails to penetrate the additional security on his phone, resulting in Cody's death. The film ends with Alice attending college and FaceTiming her mother, only to discover that she is now using the Mr. Bedevil app herself.
Bedrooms is about the exploration of relationships between humans, the tough choices we have to face to see them work or need to move on and the complications. Julian and Beth are a married couple at the vital turning point of their young relationship. In another, Anna and Harry are a married couple who are suffering from infidelity, while Sal [a pizza delivery boy] unwittingly becomes the ultimate reason of their conflict. Marnie and Roger are a retired couple who have had a long but unusual relationship together. Janet is a divorced mother of ten-year-old twins who decide to create their own separate spaces in the room they share by building a wall out of all their toys.
In New York City, Richie (Shawn Christensen), a downtrodden young man whose girlfriend, Vista (Isabelle McNally), recently disappeared, discovers the corpse of a girl who died from a heroin overdose while he is cleaning bathroom stalls at a nightclub. The club owner, Bill (Ron Perlman), arranges for her body to be removed without notifying the authorities.  At his apartment, Richie attempts suicide by cutting one of his wrists in a bathtub, when he receives a call from his estranged sister, Maggie (Emmy Rossum), asking him to look after her eleven-year-old daughter, Sophia (Fátima Ptacek). Richie goes to her school, where she recites "Because I could not stop for Death" by Emily Dickinson in both English and Mandarin Chinese. Richie takes her to her apartment before heading home, where he attempts suicide by drug overdose. Richie hallucinates a drug dealer calling him on the phone, threatening him by saying he is in the building. Sophia calls, however, and informs Richie that her mother has not returned home.  Richie arrives at the lobby of Maggie's apartment, where he discovers that the drugs he took were Zolafren, intended for menopause. Outside Maggie's apartment, a suspicious-looking woman asks Richie about his sister's whereabouts. After entering, Maggie calls the apartment, indicating to Richie that she is in central booking and upon hearing of the woman, orders Richie to sneak Sophia out of the building.  Richie takes Sophia to a bowling alley where he works. Richie calls central booking, who inform him that his sister was arrested and is awaiting arraignment at 4:30 AM. The owner of the bowling alley, Gideon (Paul Wesley), has Richie brought to the office. Gideon informs him that his girlfriend has been missing for a day, with her last whereabouts being at Bill's nightclub, and produces a photograph, which Richie recognizes as being of the dead woman he saw the night before. Richie denies knowledge of her whereabouts. He calls Bill, who tells him to come in at 1:30 AM to discuss the situation.  As a favor to Richie, Gideon allows Maggie the use of his lawyer, Bruce Warham (Richard Schiff), who informs Maggie that in the public's eyes, she is a mistress, due to her having sexual relations to a married man, despite having been assaulted.  Richie tells Sophia about flip books he made growing up about a character called "Sophia". He brings Sophia to his former apartment in a downtrodden part of town, where he retrieves some flip books and calms his panicked niece by presenting the premise of a girl who dies in intricate ways, but comes back by the next installment. He then collapses from blood loss, but refuses to go to a hospital, due to promising Maggie to keep Sophia safe.  After Sophia tells him the cruel things her estranged father, Darren (Fran Kranz), says to her, Richie assaults him at his work. Richie and Sophia visit Bill, who divulges that Gideon's girlfriend had been resisting his advances and in retaliation, he gave her heroin. Richie returns to Maggie's apartment, where he returns Sophia home. Sophia tells him that his constant love letters to Vista would work if he told her he loves her.  Having reached an epiphany, Richie confronts Gideon, telling him what happened to his girlfriend. Gideon and his armed thugs abduct Richie, then drop him off alongside the road, before speeding off to deal with Bill. Richie re-encounters the blonde woman, who is revealed to be the wife of Maggie's lover. Richie makes his rendezvous with a released Maggie and escorts her to her apartment.  Maggie tells Richie that she does not want him to stay in her daughter's life, fearing him to be a "false idol". Richie tells her how much he looked up to her when they were younger and how much he still looks up to her now. He returns to his bathtub and prepares to kill himself, when Maggie calls him, inviting him over for dinner. Richie writes a much shorter letter to Vista, stating that he loves and misses her, before looking up and seeing an image of her sitting across from him.
Samantha Kingston wakes on February 12, known as Cupid's Day. She is picked up by her friends, queen bee Lindsay, Ally and Elody, who are excited about Sam's plans to lose her virginity to her boyfriend Rob that night. During a class lecture on Sisyphus, students distribute roses, with Sam getting one from Rob and another from a boy named Kent McFuller, a former grade school friend who is in love with her. Kent invites her to a party at his house, but she is unenthusiastic. During lunch the girls make fun of Juliet Sykes, an outsider girl who they view as a "psycho". At the party, Juliet shows up. Lindsay confronts her and the two fight, resulting in many of the guests dousing her with beer. Humiliated, Juliet leaves in tears. As Sam and her friends are driving back from the party, the car hits something and crashes, apparently killing them.  Sam wakes in her room on Cupid's Day again. Thinking the previous day was just a nightmare, Sam continues on with her day but finds that the similar events occur, and they again crash after leaving the party, though slightly later. Sam wakes up on the same day again. Realizing she is in a time loop, she convinces the group to have a sleepover instead of going to the party. They avoid the crash, but find out later in the night that Juliet committed suicide, with Sam also discovering that Lindsay and Juliet were once best friends. Even though Sam manages to avoid the crash, she continues to live through the same day over and over again.  Realizing that nothing she does matters, she starts doing whatever she wants, first airing her grievances with everyone she knows, then trying to spend more quality time with the ones she loves. During these loops, she attempts to make amends with Anna Cartullo, a student she had bullied, and becomes closer to Kent, who comforts her after an unsatisfying first sexual experience with Rob.  In another loop, at the party, Sam and Kent remember their earlier friendship, with Kent recalling how she had heroically defended him from a bully after his father died and that he had resolved to one day be her hero. Afterwards, they share a kiss. She hears the fight between Lindsay and Juliet from the hall and chases after her through the woods. Sam tries to apologize and learns from Juliet that Lindsay's misery from her parents' fighting and divorce caused her to start wetting her bed. When the two were on a camping trip and Lindsay wet her sleeping bag, she blamed Juliet and had been bullying her ever since. Juliet commits suicide by running in front of Lindsay's car, horrifying Sam, and making her realize that it was Juliet who was hit by the car on the original day.  Sam wakes up again with a sense of calm and understanding, knowing what she must do to end the loop. She resolves to be kind and considerate as she goes about her day. She sends roses to both Juliet and Kent, breaks up with Rob and tells her friends why she loves them. At the party, she kisses Kent and tells him she loves him. She again intervenes to save Juliet, but when Juliet attempts to run into traffic, Sam pushes her out of the way at the last second and is killed by a truck. As she dies, Sam remembers all the good times she has had. Sam's ghost sees Juliet standing over her body saying that Sam saved her; Sam states, "No. You saved me."
Jessie and Mark Hobson take in a foster child, eight-year-old Cody Morgan, after their young son Sean dies from accidentally drowning. Social worker Natalie Friedman informs Mark and Jessie that when Cody was three years old, his mother died of cancer, and that two previous attempts to place him with foster parents were unsuccessful.  On his first night with the Hobsons, before Cody goes to sleep, he tells Jessie about a nightmarish creature called "the Canker Man." Jessie brushes the story off and tells Cody that nightmares cannot harm anyone. Later that night, Jessie and Mark are amazed as multicolored butterflies flutter across the living room. Mark tries to capture a blue butterfly to show Cody, as he has a liking for butterflies, but when Cody wakes up the butterflies disappear. The next day at school, he befriends a girl named Annie and antagonizes a mean student named Tate. At home, Cody asks Mark who the child in a living room picture is, and Mark replies that it is Sean. That night, the couple see their deceased child and try to hug him. When Cody wakes up, Sean disappears. Upon realizing Cody's gift of making his dreams become reality, Jessie shows Cody home videos of Sean. Her dead son appears and acts out scenes from the videos. Days later, Mark accuses his wife of using Cody for his gift instead of loving him and takes down the pictures of Sean.  Cody falls asleep at school, and "the Canker Man" appears before Tate and devours him, while Annie watches in horror and screams, waking him up. Meanwhile, Jessie goes to a doctor and complains that Cody has trouble sleeping. The doctor prescribes medication. She mixes it with Cody's drink, unbeknownst to Mark. That night Sean again appears before them but resembles the Canker Man, and Mark cannot wake Cody up. The Canker Man devours Mark and knocks Jessie unconscious. She wakes as Cody calls 911. Suspicious of Mark's sudden disappearance and suspecting domestic violence, social services takes Cody away to an orphanage.  When Natalie ignores Jessie's requests to speak to Cody so she can find out how to get Mark back, Jessie steals her files on Cody. She tracks down his first foster father, Whelan Young. He tells Jessie that when his wife fell sick, reminding Cody of his mother, she was killed in the same way Mark was. Cody's dreams brought her back as only a hollow replica. Cody's second set of foster parents disappeared in a similar manner. Whelan concludes that the only way to stop Cody's nightmares is to kill Cody, and asks Jessie to try, but she objects. She continues to investigate, and finds a box of Cody's mother's belongings containing a butterfly-shaped pillow and a journal.  Jessie arrives at the orphanage late at night to find it dark and haunted by Cody's nightmares, with the other children tied by vines to the walls. When she finds Cody, the Canker Man attacks her until she shows it the butterfly pillow. As she hugs the monster, it takes the form of Cody and disappears along with the vines. Jessie takes the still-unconscious Cody home.  The following day, Jessie reads Cody his mother's journal, which describes how much she had loved him and his gift. Jessie shows him the word "cancer", which he mispronounces as "canker", and deduces that the Canker Man is actually Cody's fading memories of his mother, pale and disfigured due to the cancer. Jessie expresses admiration for Cody's gift and he acknowledges her as his new mother.
Nine years since rekindling their relationship, Jesse and Céline have become parents to twin girls. Jesse reflects on his inability to maintain his relationship with his teenage son, Hank. Hank flies home to Chicago after vacationing with the couple and their children on the Greek Peloponnese peninsula, and lives with his mother, Jesse's ex-wife.  Jesse is a successful novelist, while Céline is at a career crossroads, considering a job with the French government. The couple discuss their concerns over Hank, as well as Céline's career, and reflect on love and life over dinner with friends. Their friends pay for a hotel room for the couple; while walking to the hotel, Jesse and Céline reminisce about their initial meetings, and wonder if they would become a couple if they met in their present state.  After reaching the hotel, they begin to get intimate but are interrupted by a phone call from Hank, who seems to have bonded with Céline more than Jesse. They eventually have a fierce argument, expressing fears about the strength of their relationship. Jesse wants them to consider moving to Chicago so he can be closer to Hank, which Céline thinks will cost her any chance of a career outside her family. During the argument, Céline leaves and returns twice. Then she tells Jesse she thinks she no longer loves him.  Céline leaves their room the third time and sits alone in the hotel's outdoor restaurant. Jesse joins her and jokes that he is a time traveler (referencing their first meeting), bringing her a letter from her 82-year-old self, describing this night as one of the best of their lives. Unamused, Céline says their fantasies will never match the imperfect reality. Jesse says while their love may be imperfect, it is real. After a moment, Céline joins in Jesse's joke, and the two reconcile.
While busking in Grand Central Terminal, Nick Vaughan (Chris Evans) sees a woman, Brooke Dalton (Alice Eve), drop her phone while running to catch a train. She misses the train and returns to the station where Nick returns her broken phone. When he finds her standing outside the terminal she confesses that she has just been robbed and is trapped in the city. He offers to pay for a cab to take her to Boston but his debit card is declined and his credit card has expired. When he tries to call a friend to come lend him the money he finds his phone has died. Nick offers to try to pay for a room for Brooke for the night, but she insists that she needs to reach Boston by morning.  Nick decides to help Brooke find her missing purse. They are able to track it down at a sweatshop that deals in stolen purses. Nick heads inside to retrieve the purse while Brooke uses a payphone to call her husband. After using the phone, she then gets a couple of police officers passing by to investigate the building Nick is in. The sweatshop owners get spooked, punch Nick, and run out along with the bag. Nick and Brooke then head for the wedding of a friend of Nick's, hoping to borrow money. Along the way, Nick and Brooke open up more about why they're in New York. Brooke had just sold a painting and was going to surprise her husband by coming home early. Nick has an audition for a band that he has wanted to play with for a while. Instead of ending up at the wedding, they stumble upon an event where they are mistaken for members of the band. Nick and Brooke perform "My Funny Valentine" and flee when the real band shows up. After their last-ditch attempt to get a bus to Boston fails for lack of funds, Brooke borrows a man's phone, calls a friend, and begs her to retrieve a letter she has left for her husband that she does not want him to read.  Elated that her problem is now solved, Brooke offers to go to Nick's friend's wedding and pretend to be his girlfriend in front of his ex, Hannah. At the reception, Nick sees Hannah, but after being introduced to her new boyfriend, he leaves abruptly. Outside, Nick tells Brooke that this was the first time he had seen Hannah since she rejected his marriage proposal and broke up with him six years ago. At Brooke's insistence, Nick goes back to speak to Hannah and discovers that she is pregnant and that their relationship is truly over. Wandering around the city, the two find a psychic who is still open. After he reads her future, he allows Brooke to use his phone and she learns her friend could not get into her home to retrieve the letter.  After they leave the psychic, Brooke reveals to Nick that she discovered that her husband was cheating on her. Though he ended the relationship, she discovered that he was going to see his mistress again. Devastated, she wrote him a letter ending the marriage and went to New York for work. However, during her trip she received a phone call from her husband saying he was coming home early, and she realized that he had ended the relationship with his mistress for good.  At a restaurant, Nick tells Brooke that her husband will most likely understand why she wrote him the letter and that if he doesn't, that's that. Brooke, worried about the possible end of her marriage, sneaks out the back of the restaurant and tries to hail a cab to the airport to fly to her mother's in Indiana. Nick appears, frustrated that she tried to bail on him, and they argue about their relationships. They then go to Nick's friend's hotel room. Together, they unwind from the night's adventures. They then share a kiss, write on the back of paintings in the room (a reference to an earlier encounter with a painting with erotic writing on the back of it) and reflect on their night.  In the morning, they return to the train station where they are about to part. Nick picks up a phone from a phone booth and, like an earlier joke, uses it as a "time machine" and pretends to call himself in the past, saying that he will meet a woman and "you will need her more than she needs you". They share one last kiss and finally depart. On her way home, Brooke finds a guest service paper that she and Nick filled out at the hotel. On the bottom it says, "Turn over". After reading what was on the back, she smiles.
The film centres on a dysfunctional and codependent family who are struggling to maintain the family business, a small community theatre in New York City, where father Mel performsin plays he has writtento an ever dwindling audience. Mel's eldest daughter, Jackie, is a quirky actress stuck in perennial adolescence despite being mother to teenage daughter Dodge. Mel's younger daughter, Rachel, is a business-minded lesbian whose attempts to be the responsible member of the family have made her something of a control freak.  Mel self-sabotages a playwright fellowship, complete with a major premiere of his latest play, that Rachel has lined up for him. Her angry outburst is followed minutes later by him having a fatal heart attack, which leads to the discovery that he had lied to her and Jackie for much of their lives about the identity and death of their mother; their real mother is in fact soap opera actress Sherrell, who has been left ownership of the theatre and the family home in Mel's will.
Formerly successful record label executive Dan Mulligan lives in New York City, estranged from his wife Miriam and struggling to keep up with the changing music industry. After being fired, he goes on a drinking binge, leading him to a bar on the Lower East Side where he encounters Gretta James.  Gretta is a young, fiercely independent songwriter from England, just broken up with her longtime boyfriend and songwriting partner Dave Kohl. A newly successful musician, he's had an affair with a production assistant. Captivated by Gretta's music, Dan offers to sign her to his former record label, and although initially refusing, she reconsiders and agrees.  Dan and Gretta meet with Saul, Dan's business partner and co-founder of the record label, but he does not see the same potential in her, turning her away. Undeterred, Dan proposes they produce their own album together, to be recorded live during the summer at various public locations around the city. Recruiting a team of talented musicians, including Steve (a busker and an old best friend of Gretta's), Dan sets out to make an album worthy of being published. During this time, Dan and Gretta bond both personally and professionally, and she takes his teenage daughter Violet, a fledgling guitarist, under her wing and encourages her to play on the album.  When Gretta sees Dave accepting an award on television, she criticizes him for selling out to the music industry and, with the help of Steve, she expresses her grievances with him in a song which she records on his voice mail. A remorseful Dave, back in New York promoting his new album, returns her call and asks to see her. After some consideration, she decides to meet with him and they critique each other's albums.  Gretta feels betrayed by Dave's heavily commercialized rendition of "Lost Stars" (a love ballad she had written and composed for him as a Christmas present), and believes the true meaning of the song has been lost. He tells her the audiences love the way he plays it, and that their energy fills the room. He believes that music is about sharing it with people, but Gretta insists it is not what she intended for that song. Nevertheless, Dave invites her to come and hear him play the song at the Gramercy Theatre that weekend so that she can see how his fans react to it.  When the album is finished, Dan and Gretta meet again with Saul, who is very impressed with their collaboration. She demands Saul give Dan his job back and her a bigger share in the deal. They leave without reaching an agreement, but Dan feels confident that Saul will eventually sign on Gretta. Later, after receiving a text message from Dave reminding her of his concert and much consideration, Gretta arrives at the venue just in time to watch Dave play her original arrangement of the song.  Watching him play, Greta is initially happy to hear their song as she envisioned, but when the audience starts to cheer as it climaxes, she realizes that too much has changed. She leaves the concert and cycles through the city with a feeling of newfound hope and closure as a dejected Dave continues to perform.  Afterwards, Gretta visits Dan at his apartment as he prepares to move back home, having made amends with his wife. She tells him that she does not want him to release her album, instead preferring to distribute it online for $1. Although Dan returns to work with Saul, he agrees to let Gretta release the album online and helps her to promote the release. The next day, Saul jokingly fires Dan for promoting Gretta's album and informs him that it sold 10,000 copies on its first day of release.
(Throughout the film, scenes of Oliver Fields' memories of his deceased parents are intercut, as flashbacks, into the narrative of his developing relationship with Anna Wallace.)  In Los Angeles in 2003, a few months after the death of his father, Hal, from lung cancer, 38-year-old graphic designer Oliver often thinks about his relationship with Hal near the end of his life. Hal had come out to Oliver six months after Georgia, Hal's wife of 44 years and Oliver's mother, died of cancer, and explored life as an openly gay man from the age of 75 until he died four years later. He got active in the local gay community, found love with a much-younger man named Andy, and became closer to Oliver than he had been previously. Oliver helped Hal during his cancer treatments, and he noted the grace, good humor, and, sometimes, seeming-denial with which Hal faced his fate.  Hal and Georgia had known each other since high school, and eventually she asked him to marry her, saying she could "fix" his homosexuality. He saw a psychiatrist for a time and they were married until her death, but they always had a fairly cool relationship, and Oliver recalls his childhood with an unfulfilled, but loving, Georgia, while Hal, a museum director, was often absent, both physically and emotionally. Not wanting to end up like his parents, Oliver never settled for a passionless relationship, which has left him with only Hal's Jack Russell Terrier, Arthur, who does not like to be left alone, for company.  Oliver's work friends get him to go to a costume party, where he meets Anna, a French actress. Although she communicates by writing messages because she has laryngitis and temporarily cannot speak, they instantly connect. They go back to Anna's hotel room, where Oliver tells her about his parents, and they kiss, but then Anna asks if they can just go to sleep, and Oliver agrees. The next day, Anna has to go to New York for an audition, but she says she wants to see Oliver when she gets back. Inspired by his father's attitude towards the end of his life, Oliver decides to pursue a romance with Anna.  When Anna returns, she and Oliver see a lot of each other and fall in love. Eventually, he asks her to move in with him, and she does, but Anna, who left home when she was 16 and has a strained relationship with her depressive father and, like Oliver, is the one who has ended all of her serious romantic relationships, never unpacks her suitcase, which bothers Oliver. Things become awkward between them, as neither knows how to build a life with someone else, and, after a short time, Oliver says living together does not feel right, and Anna decides to move back to New York City.  Before long, Oliver misses Anna, but she does not answer his calls, so he drops Arthur off with Andy and flies to New York to talk to her. He calls her again from outside her apartment and she answers, and it turns out she never left Los Angeles. When Oliver gets home, Anna comes over, and, though they do not know what will happen next, they both seem optimistic about their future together.
Two military agents are taking readings on Mount Lincoln near the town of Ascension. There is a quake and the woman, Agent O'Neil, dies with marks on her face. The man, Agent McKewan, also dies after being crushed. Elsewhere, a man is injured in a work crew and dies for no apparent reason. It later appears the quakes on the mountain are producing a layer of carbon dioxide gas, suffocating those who descend to its altitude. A woman named Emily, studying Mt. Lincoln, visits the mountain to repair two machines.  In the adjacent town, an old man named William is considered an eccentric for believing that the mountain contains Behemoth. Emily meets with William's son and her old friend, Thomas. Satellite images show movement under the mountain, which they attribute to volcanism. Thomas's sister Grace and her boyfriend ascend the mountain, and Thomas is persuaded to go as guide to government agent Jack Murray. They meet Emily, who is running because part of a mountain suddenly exploded; whereas Grace and her boyfriend are startled by a monstrous eye and accompanying tentacle.  After she and Thomas have discovered Agent O'Neil's body, Emily has persuaded the Sheriff to evacuate the town, but Thomas and Emily ascend the mountain to look for the missing couple. They find Jack injured on the mountain, and Behemoth kills Jack immediately after revelation that the troubles at Mt. Lincoln were felt all over the world six months ago, and a missing box may be their only chance against Behemoth (lost when the agents were killed). William goes to the local diner to get the waitress, Zoe, to safety.  However, an earthquake damages the town, and the diner sinks into the ground with William and Zoe still inside. The box is recovered; but the monster consumes the boyfriend, while Thomas pulls Grace to safety. Behemoth then emerges from the mountain, whereupon Thomas opens the box and fires a shoulder-launched missile into Behemoth's throat, destroying it. William and Zoe escape from the diner in a sinkhole, and all five survivors are reunited.
In 1977, 18-year-old Scott Thorson, who works as an animal trainer for films, meets Bob Black, a Hollywood producer, in a gay bar in Los Angeles.  At Black's urging, he leaves his adopted home in search of better-paying work.  Black introduces Thorson to Liberace, who takes an immediate liking to the handsome younger man.  Liberace invites the two backstage and then to his luxurious home in Las Vegas.  Thorson observes that one of Liberace's beloved dogs has a temporary form of blindness, and with his veterinary assistant background, informs the famous pianist that he knows how to cure the condition.  After treating the dog, Thorson becomes Liberace's "assistant" at the performer's request. Thorson also becomes employed as Liberace's stage chauffeur, driving a Rolls-Royce limousine onto the stage for Liberace's grand entrances.  Thorson moves in with Liberace and becomes his lover.  At this point, Thorson says that he is bisexual because he is also attracted to women.  Liberace is sympathetic, informing him that he wanted and tried to love women, but was exclusively attracted to men.  He relates a story of a "divine healing" in which a "messenger" informed him that God still loved him.  It gradually becomes clear that Liberace is trying to mold Thorson into a younger version of himself.  He asks his plastic surgeon, Dr. Jack Startz, to transform Scott's face to more closely resemble his own and makes an unsuccessful attempt to formally adopt him.  Thorson soon turns to drugs as he becomes angrier and more frustrated with Liberace trying to control him as well as Liberace's obsession to publicly hide their romance at any cost.  By 1982, Thorson's increasing drug abuse and Liberace's interest in younger men, including dancer Cary James, creates a rift that ultimately destroys their relationship.  When Liberace begins visiting pornographic peep shows and suggests that they each see other people, Thorson becomes upset.  Scott Thorson retains an attorney to seek his financial share of the property by suing Liberace for over $100,000,000 in palimony.  As a result, Liberace ends their formal partnership and involves himself with his most recent, and much younger, "assistant".  In 1984, Thorson's palimony lawsuit starts where he gives details about his romance for five years with the entertainer, while Liberace flatly denies any sexual relationship.  Not long thereafter, in December 1986, Thorson receives a telephone call from Liberace telling him that he is very ill with what is later revealed to be AIDS and that he would like Thorson to visit him again.  Thorson agrees and drives to Liberace's retreat house in Palm Springs, where he and Liberace have one last, emotional conversation. Liberace dies a few months later in February 1987.  Thorson attends Liberace's funeral, in which he imagines seeing Liberace performing one last time with his traditional flamboyance, before being lifted to Heaven with a stage harness.
On his 18th birthday, troublesome addict Charlie, who has been in and out of rehab for years, walks out of a youth rehab facility in rural Utah. He does so without incident as he is legally an adult. As Charlie starts to walk toward the road, he turns back and throws a rock through a stained glass window of the facility's chapel.   Hitchhiking, Charlie is picked up by a man and his sick mother. The man agrees to drop him at a bus station after dropping her off home. However when he discovers Charlie has stolen his mother’s oxy cancer treatment, he throws him out of his truck.  Charlie calls Adam, his best friend and dealer, to come pick him up. When he arrives home to Los Angeles, his parents stage an intervention.  Charlie's father was a Hollywood star who’s running for governor of California. Now, given the choice between another try at rehab or going to jail in Utah for damaging the stained glass, Charlie is forced to go to adult rehab.  There, Charlie meets beautiful but afflicted Eva, another enabler. He also meets the typical group of wisecracking misfits, and the surprisingly down-to-earth ex-jailbird drug counsellor.  A man at Charlie's most recent inpatient facility who seems the most eager of the group, one day is just gone. Hoping the doctor would give him painkillers, he punched a concrete wall and simply walked away when he didn't get the medication he wanted.  The time at the inpatient facility moves by quickly—there's a routine—group meetings, yoga sessions, visits from and meetings with family members, tell your story to get a new chip every month. When Charlie moves to an outpatient house, the routine continues, albeit with some freedom.  The head of the house where Charlie stays tries to explain the problem with having a romance during recovery: Recovery is and must be selfish, as addiction is selfish. Hence Charlie’s relationship  with fellow addict Eva might not work out. Juxtaposing that blunt but compassionate support is Charlie's mother, who tries to give him the love and encouragement of two parents.  After Charlie and Eva have their weekend pass together, while he’s on cloud nine, the look on her face whenever he offers advice or talk about love tells a different story. Fear, desperation and, sometimes, just blankness. At one point, Eva tells Charlie that the program isn't working. He tells her it's different this time. "It is different," she responds, and there's a moment of clear misunderstanding: He thinks it's different because they have each other, while she realizes he doesn't get her.  Without warning, Eva leaves. Charlie abandons the outpatient home to find her. Taking a vehicle from his dad’s for the search, he tracks her down to Venice Beach. He declares he loves her, embracing her, but she seems vacant. Taking her to the beach house, although Eva slept in his arms,  by morning she’s left, and emptied two bottles of wine. She’s gone for good.  Outside of the program, Charlie falls off the wagon. He's on the streets for close to two weeks when he’s robbed. Broke, he seeks out Adam. They party, but at the end he ODs. Charlie is exonerated, but it makes the news. The next day is the election, so he takes off for the beach house.  Looking unlikely that David will win his gubernatorial run, he accompanies his inebriated wife to rest, when an aide seeks him out to inform him of his victory. A huge distraction from what really matters, he accepts his win alone.  The next day, David seeks out Charlie. They make peace, and Charlie plans to head out into the world. We see as the credits roll, he has become a standup comic.
Nick Flynn is an aspiring writer who works at a homeless shelter where his estranged father Jonathan stays. Jonathan, an alcoholic ex-con and self-proclaimed "master storyteller", left Nick's mother Jody years earlier to raise Nick on her own. She eventually died by suicide, for which Nick feels responsible.  Jonathan gets into fights with the others, and Nick is tempted to throw him out. Nick and Jonathan get into an intense argument, during which Jonathan tells Nick that they are the same. The stress of seeing his father again drives Nick to drink heavily and abuse drugs, costing him his relationship with his girlfriend and coworker, Denise.  Jonathan eventually gets kicked out of the shelter, with Nick voting with the staff for his removal. Nick tries to numb the guilt by smoking crack, but it only intensifies his pain, and he realizes that he has a problem. He enters a rehabilitation program, and makes amends with Denise.  One night, he finds Jonathan sleeping on the street and invites him to stay with him. When they part ways the next day, Jonathan tells Nick that he is not responsible for his mother's suicide, and that they are not the same after all.  Nick becomes a teacher, starts a family, and publishes a book of his poetry, while Jonathan qualifies for Section 8 housing thanks to Nick's recommendation. Jonathan shows his appreciation by letting Nick read his "masterpiece", Memoirs of a Moron, which Nick finds to be initially promising, but ultimately falling short - much like Jonathan himself. He invites Jonathan to his poetry reading, where he introduces his father to his wife and infant daughter. After some hesitation, he allows Jonathan to hold his daughter.
Philip, a 17-year-old senior has dreams of being a musician, but his father sees his life much differently. Frank wants Philip to complete a summer internship at the family ketchup factory before attending a state college, despite the fact that Philip wants to attend New York University. One night at dinner Philip asks his mother, Laura, if he can attend the Starling Festival at the lake, since it is his final Spring Break of his high school life. Despite attending the festival with her husband almost two decades prior, she says no, much to Philip's dismay.  Philip is accepted into NYU, and Frank abruptly shuts him down, without a conversation. This greatly upsets Philip, so he decides to sneak out of the house the next day after his father has left for his long trip to Japan and his mother and sister, Lib have gone to a PETA event. Lewis, Philip's friend, picks up Philip and they head off to the lake. Although Philip thinks they're going to be staying in a lake side cabin, they end up staying at Lewis' stoner uncle, Ross', shanty apartment.  Philip and Lewis head to the pool, and while Philip is busy admiring his high school crush Allison, Frank shows up to the pool. The boys scramble to hide from Frank as he walks up to and hugs the young waitress. Worried, the two boys follow Frank and the waitress to a house and sneak to the backyard where Philip is shocked again. This time he hugs an older woman and then a younger man. The three people turn out to be Bonnie, Kelly and Eddie (Frank's other wife, daughter and son, respectively). Philip is devastated and he and Lewis head back to Ross' apartment. The next day, Philip returns to Frank's other house and introduces himself as Richie's son; Richie being the name Frank has used to keep his wives off the trail. He is welcomed in with open arms.  Frank "returns" home from his "trip" to Japan and is shocked when he sees Philip in the wrong house. Later in the evening, Philip blackmails Frank into paying for his NYU tuition and Frank obliges, writing him a check. Philip spends the weekend with Frank's other family, even attending a party with Kelly and bonding with Eddie about their father (unbeknownst to Eddie). Not returning home on Monday, Laura gets worried and calls Lewis' mother to inquire the whereabouts of her son and learns that they went to the lake. Laura and Lib go to the lake the next day.  Lewis warns Philip and Frank about the impending arrival of Laura and Lib, but it's too late. Frank makes up a lie about not needing to be in Japan and not telling his wife why. The family decides to rent a cabin at the lake for the festival. The morning of the Starling Festival, Frank wakes up at Bonnie's cabin, but also needs to be at Laura's cabin at the same time so he goes for a "jog" but he actually flat out runs there. Eddie volunteers to go with, but Frank says he wants to be alone, leaving Eddie feeling confused and rejected.  Frank's arrival at Laura's rental confuses her and Lib, as he is completely soaked from the sweat. Philip sends the girls to the festival, not knowing that Frank had already sent Bonnie, Kelly and Eddie down to the festival as well. Philip and Frank are dumbfounded, trying to figure out how to keep the two families from bumping into each other. Ironically, Ross appears with a powerboat at that exact moment and gets them to the festival in a fraction of the time.  Philip and Frank arrive and split up to distract the two wives. Before Philip can reach his mother, he is cut off by Kelly, who wants to reveal her feelings for him. Kelly won't listen to Philip and leans in to kiss him, as Frank stops it before she is able to. Frank then reveals the whole truth about his affair. Thinking he can distract Laura and Bonnie from being too upset at his father, Philip thinks of an off-hand remark Frank said about heaving himself into oncoming traffic. Before a car strikes Philip, Frank pushes him out of the way. Doing this, though, put them in front of another car going in the other direction, driven by Stan and Marcy Kempler (two friends of Bonnie and Frank). Not knowing if they killed Philip and Frank, they speed away.  Philip and Frank end up in the hospital. Philip is released after only sustaining bumps and bruises, but Frank is admitted having suffered broken ribs and a broken leg, with a few minor injuries. Laura leaves the hospital without seeing Frank, removing her wedding ring in the car, signifying the end of her marriage. Bonnie and all four children enter Frank's hospital room and confront him about the pain he's caused. Everyone leaves the room, with Philip trailing, having finally connected to his father in a way he always desired.  Five months later, Philip is moving into his dorm room when Kelly comes to see him, letting him know they'll be neighbors. Frank and Bonnie end up sharing an elevator, with Bonnie stating she'd rather him "take the window". Frank enters Philip's room and Kelly leaves immediately, not ready to mend her relationship with her father. Frank then presents his father's guitar to Philip, explaining that the guitar never really belonged to him. This also serves as a blessing for Philip to pursue music as a career. Philip and Frank embrace in a hug and then Frank leaves, only to linger outside the dorm room and listen to Philip play his new guitar.
After being diagnosed with serious health issues, ex-cop Rose Jones (Cybill Shepherd), goes on a road trip in a wheelchair to search for her estranged son Will (Erik Fellows). The journey is punctuated with stays at health spas.  Along the way, she falls in love with Max (James Brolin), a handsome old cowboy, who has come to a crossroads of his own. However she returns home to spend her final weeks with her female friends. Max comes to see her and tries to take her to his ranch but she refuses to go.
In 1972, Mason Skiles is a U.S. diplomat in Lebanon living in Beirut with his Lebanese wife, Nadia. They have recently begun caring for Karim, a 13-year-old Palestinian boy who claims he is without a family. While hosting a party, Skiles is confronted by his friend, CIA Officer Cal Riley, who wishes to question Karim as Karim's brother, Rafid Abu Rajal, has been linked to the 1972 Munich massacre. The party is suddenly attacked by Rafid and his group, who abducts Karim; in the ensuing gunfight, Nadia is killed.  Ten years later, Skiles has become an alcoholic and is working as a self-employed labor arbitrator in New England. While struggling to keep his small firm afloat, he is approached by Sully, an old client, on behalf of the U.S. government. Sully discloses that Skiles has been requested for an 'academic lecture' in Lebanon, and hands him money, a plane ticket, and a passport. Skiles is initially resistant but decides to travel to Beirut. He meets Bernard, a local fixer, and several government officials, including CIA Officer Donald Gaines, CIA Officer Sandy Crowder, Colonel Gary Ruzak of the National Security Council, and Ambassador Frank Whalen, and learns that Cal Riley was recently abducted in Lebanon. The kidnappers have specifically requested Skiles as the negotiator.  The group meets with the kidnappers and find Karim now heading the organization. Karim demands the release of his brother in exchange for Riley, despite the Americans' protest that they do not have Rafid in captivity. Skiles suspects that Israel is holding Rafid, and travels with Ruzak to secure his release. The Israelis reveal that they do not have Rafid, and Skiles returns to Beirut to meet with Alice, Riley's wife. Alice holds Skiles responsible for Riley's abduction, believing that Riley has remained in Lebanon over the guilt he feels for Nadia's death.  The next day, while Skiles is conducting the lecture at the American University of Beirut (the official reason for his visit), a car bomb is set off outside the building. In the ensuing chaos, Skiles is instructed to leave to meet Karim. Karim brings him to Riley, who covertly tells Skiles that the Palestine Liberation Organization (PLO) is holding Rafid and that Gaines is not to be trusted. Before releasing Skiles, Karim threatens he will sell Riley to Iran unless Rafid is returned later that night. Skiles returns to Riley's apartment to search for clues, where he encounters Crowder. She reveals that Gaines had been stealing money from the embassy and that Riley has made a written report, but didn't deliver it to CIA authorities, shortly before his disappearance. Skiles convinces Crowder that the PLO is holding Rafid, and she steals $4 million from the CIA office to trade for Rafid.  Crowder and Skiles lead an attack on a PLO officer in order to force a trade for Rafid. After a payoff to his PLO captors, they bring him to the exchange with Karim. After trading Riley for Rafid, Rafid is shot and killed by a Mossad sniper. The Americans successfully escape, and the audience sees the sniper is actually Bernard. Bernard escapes with Sandrine, the mistress of the PLO officer whom Skiles attacked, who is also an Israeli agent.   Before departing Beirut, Skiles learns that Gaines has unexpectedly retired and that Ruzak has left Beirut. Crowder announces her intention to apply for the newly vacant station chief job, and Skiles offers his services as a negotiator.  As the film ends, news footage is shown of the subsequent 1982 Israeli invasion of Lebanon, increasing international involvement in the country, and, finally, the 1983 bombings of the U.S. Embassy and the U.S. Marine Corps' barracks.
Georges Duroy (Robert Pattinson) is a penniless former soldier making a living as an office clerk in 1880s Paris. At a club he meets an old friend, Charles Forestier (Philip Glenister), with whom he spent three years during the war in Algeria. The friend is well off and invites Georges to his home where he meets Mrs. Madeleine Forestier (Uma Thurman) and her friends Clotilde de Marelle (Christina Ricci) and Virginie Rousset (Kristin Scott Thomas). Mrs. Rousset's husband is an editor of the conservative newspaper La Vie Française and she helps Georges to get a job there, initially by publishing his diaries from the war in the paper. Gradually his social and financial standing improves, with Duroy using his wit and powers of seduction to charm wealthy women.
In a small town facing tough economic times, business owner Matthew Peyton (Ryan O'Quinn) struggles between his desire for financial success and the responsibility of funding the annual Christmas pageant. Desperate business decisions ruin his popularity amongst his employees. Angered, employees seek their revenge on him. When Matthew meets Clarence (Issac Ryan Brown), a joyful boy who believes in miracles, he must make a choice: to do what is best for himself or to give faith a chance by opening his heart to help his community.
Smart, handsome, and charming, there is no one who could say no to college senior Sam. But when a surprise tuition bill leaves him thousands of dollars in the hole, Sam is forced to think outside the box. Convincing his three roommates they can make a killing exploiting the gullible church crowd, the guys start a sham charity and begin campaigning across the country, raising funds for a cause as fake as their message. But when sweet tour manager Callie, the object of Sam's affections, discovers their ruse, it's Sam's moment, alone in the spotlight, to decide what he really believes.
Woodrow and Aiden migrate to Los Angeles from Wisconsin, constructing weapons and testing them out in empty lots. At a bar that hosts live acts, Woodrow volunteers to enter a cricket eating contest and meets Milly, who beats him in the contest. They exchange phone numbers, while Aiden talks to Milly's friend, Courtney.  Woodrow and Milly decide they'll drive to Texas to eat at the scariest place Woodrow can think of. Woodrow gets in a fight with a local who disrespects Milly, is made sick by the day-old meatloaf, and trades his car for a motorcycle. Returning to California, Woodrow and Milly begin dating each other, despite Milly's ambiguously hostile roommate Mike.  Woodrow finds Aiden has completed the flamethrower, and they successfully test it out. Aiden is impressed with the motorcycle, which is the second part of their three pronged plan to create a Medusa Gang which will reign over their imagined vision of an apocalyptic future, and now they only lack a flame blowing muscle car. Tensions between friends rise, when Woodrow and Milly spend more time together than they do with their best friends.  Woodrow becomes more controlling and jealous of Milly, who is annoyed by his behavior. He returns home early to find Milly having sex with Mike. Woodrow and Mike scuffle, then Woodrow drives away on his motorcycle and is hit by a car, leaving him with serious injuries. When Aiden picks him up from the hospital, he's utterly despondent and blames Milly. Woodrow lies in bed for days and when Courtney drops in, they have sex despite that Aiden is interested in Courtney.  Aiden purchases a 1972 Buick Skylark and works on turning it into the fire blowing Medusa, while Woodrow continues to have sex with Courtney. Mike comes to Woodrow's to retrieve Milly's personal items, but Aiden intercepts him and tells him not to come around again or he'll kill him. Woodrow takes Milly's personal items, puts them in a box, walks them over to her apartment court with his flame thrower strapped to his back, and lights them on fire in front of her door. This inspires Mike to seek revenge, and he finds the Medusa muscle car in front of Woodrow's house and breaks a window with a baseball bat. Aiden stops him from creating further damage by wrestling the bat from him, and when Mike tries to get the bat back Aiden strikes him in the head. When Mike stops moving, Aiden runs. Milly finds out what's happened and ambushes Woodrow, knocking him unconscious, and she and an unknown man tattoo Woodrow's cheeks, chin and upper-lip.  Courtney confronts Milly about what she did to Woodrow and they fight, with Milly pulling a knife on her former best friend and forcing her to leave.  When Woodrow wakes up and sees himself in the mirror he flies into a rage, tracks Milly down and has a screaming confrontation with her. When he tells her that he's been thinking of doing some "sick shit" to her all morning, she replies that she doesn't care and submits to his anger. This results in sex that turns increasingly violent, ending with Milly screaming out in pain.  As Woodrow leaves Milly's house his shirt and hands are covered in blood, and he encounters Courtney in the street. She has a pistol and shoots herself in the head when he won't talk to her.  The film then back-tracks to when Woodrow has put Milly's things in a box, and gives an alternate series of events, much less apocalyptic, where Woodrow and Aiden light Milly's things on fire at the beach and then leave town. The film flashes forward again to Woodrow in the street, where Milly has caught up with him and they hold each other as credits roll.
Ben Banks, the 28-year-old journalism student, is a stoner who constantly avoids responsibility and happens to be on the 12-year plan at the local two-year community college. Ben Banks, the movie, asks: What would it take to awaken ambition in this guy? The answer: A local conspiracy, a dead body, and a gorgeous woman (Mischa Barton) with a troubled past.About  Ben Banks - the movie. Retrieved on 1 December 2012Filmmakers shooting 'Ben Banks' in St. George Spectrum. Retrieved on 8 September 2010Sundance Hopeful Filmed in St. George St. George Utah. 5 September 2010
Holly Burns returns from church on Christmas Eve to find her son Ben in the driveway; he has been in rehab for prescription drug addiction for some months, and says his sponsor said a trip home would be good for him. Happy to see him but Holly is also wary, as she does not want his instability to affect the other children. She agrees lets him stay for 24 hours only if he does not leave her sight.  While holiday shopping at the mall, Holly runs into Ben's former doctor, now an old man with dementia. She scolds him for getting her son hooked on painkillers after a snowboarding accident when Ben was younger. Ben sees his childhood friend, Spencer, also a drug addict. He tells Holly he needs to go to a support group meeting, where he later shares the story of how he almost overdosed, but was saved by his mom and the family dog, Ponce.  Holly finds drugs on Ben and he claims a girl at the meeting gave them to him. Furious, she takes him to the cemetery, asking him where he would like to be buried. That evening, the family returns home from church to find that someone has broken into their home and taken Ponce.  Realizing it is to do with him, Ben leaves the house to find him. Holly follows in her car, finding Ben in a nearby neighborhood. He blames himself for someone attempting to hurt his family. They search for Ponce together to no avail.  While eating at a diner, Ben tells Holly that he got a local girl, Maggie, hooked on drugs and is responsible for her death. Spencer shows up and, after a tussle, he confirms that Clayton, a drug dealer he used to work for, took Ponce. Ben demands Holly goes home, but she refuses.  Telling her she does not know the real "him," Ben reveals that his sponsor told him not to return home and that he did not get the drugs Holly found from a girl at the support group but rather hidden in the attic above his younger siblings' bedroom. Leaving Holly stranded at a gas station, he goes to meet Clayton. Ben tries to buy his dog back, but Clayton says Ben must do a drug run for him.  Meanwhile, Holly goes to Maggie's mom for help, who gives her a med kit for reviving a person who has suffered an overdose and her car keys to go find Ben. She tracks down Spencer, giving him drugs she had confiscated from Ben earlier, in exchange for him telling her where he might be.  Ben completes the mission and gets Ponce back, but Clayton also gives him some drugs in return. Driving out to an abandoned barn, he parks on the side of the road. He leaves Ponce in the car with a note asking whoever finds it to call his mom.  After looking for Ben all night, Holly is overwrought and goes to a police station. While there, she receives a call from a man who found Ponce, driving out to retrieve him. Holly follows Ponce to the barn where she finds Ben unconscious, having taken the drugs from Clayton. Holly uses the kit and desperately tries to revive him, while sobbing for him to "come back" to her. After a few minutes, Ben takes a breath.
Jewish prince Judah Ben-Hur and his adopted Roman brother Messala are best friends despite their different origins. After Judah's mother resists Messala's interest in her daughter Tirzah, Messala enlists in the Roman army and achieves glory. Ben-Hur eventually marries his slave Esther after Messala leaves. Three years later, Messala returns as a decorated Roman officer. His return coincides with a rising insurrection by the Zealots, Jews opposed to Roman rule. Ben-Hur begrudgingly treats and shelters a young Zealot named Dismas and attempts to dissuade him from the cause. Messala reunites with Ben-Hur and attempts to convince him to serve as an informant - the new governor Pontius Pilate is coming to Jerusalem and Messala does not want any revolt.  Judah claims he will talk to the locals.  During Pilate's march, Dismas attempts to assassinate Pilate from Judah's balcony. The Romans storm Ben-Hur's household and arrest him and his family. Rather than betray Dismas, Ben-Hur takes responsibility for the assassination attempt and his mother and sister are sentenced to crucifixion. While being led to the prison galley, Ben-Hur encounters Jesus, who gives him water. Ben-Hur then endures five years of slavery as a rower aboard a Roman prison galley. During a battle against Greek rebels in the Ionian Sea, Ben-Hur's galley is boarded, collides with another ship and is destroyed. Ben-Hur manages to free himself and floats on a ship mast. He is washed ashore and found by Sheik Ilderim, who recognizes him as an escaped slave. Ben-Hur manages to convince Ilderim not to hand him over to the Romans by treating one of Ilderim's racing horses. After Ben-Hur develops a bond with the four racing horses, a grateful Ilderim then trains Ben-Hur to be a chariot racer.  Ben-Hur and Ilderim travel to Jerusalem to take part in a chariot race. Jesus' preaching ministry draws the attention of governor Pilate and Messala, who is now the commander of the Roman garrison and a champion chariot racer. While visiting Jerusalem, Ben-Hur encounters Esther, who has become a follower of Jesus and is involved in charity work. Esther tells Ben-Hur that his mother and sister are dead, and despite their reunion, the two are kept emotionally apart due to her new cause, which is contrary to his insistence on seeking revenge against Messala.  Ben-Hur confronts Messala alone in their former home but is forced to flee when Roman soldiers turn up. After the Romans execute twenty Jews in reprisal, Esther completely falls out with Ben-Hur. Just before the race, Ben-Hur encounters a former Roman soldier named Druses, who informs him that his mother Naomi and sister Tirzah are still alive. However, their reunion is soured when Ben-Hur discovers his mother and sister have leprosy, and Ben-Hur is enraged at their condition.  Ilderim convinces Pilate to allow Ben-Hur to compete by proposing a high wager against Messala. Esther tries to convince Messala not to race Ben-Hur, but he is adamant that he will win. On the day of the race, Ben-Hur follows Ilderim's instructions to hold back from the race until the final laps. Using dirty tactics, Messala manages to knock out the other charioteers. After Messala attempts to destroy Ben-Hur's chariot, their chariots become stuck.  When Messala tries to kick Ben-Hur from his chariot, his chariot breaks loose and he is trampled.  Judah wins, the Jewish spectators begin attacking the Romans and Judah is carried away.  Despite his victory, Ben-Hur is despondent about his family and Messala's fate. Esther is with Jesus in the Garden of Gethsemane; later she and Ben-Hur witness Jesus bearing the cross. Mirroring his first encounter with Jesus, Ben-Hur tries to offer Jesus water but is beaten by a Roman soldier. Esther and Judah witness Jesus' death on the cross, Naomi and Tirzah are miraculously healed and Ilderim pays a ransom to set them free. Ben-Hur seeks out an injured Messala who initially swears to continue hunting Judah.  After experiencing Judah's kindness and forgiveness, Messala relents and they reconcile.  Judah and Messala return to his family who all leave Jerusalem with Ilderim.
Detective Nick Blades (Adam Copeland) is a New Orleans cop on trial for corruption. Assistant District Attorney Theo Gold (Jamie Kennedy) is the man in charge of putting him behind bars. When these two unlikely partners from opposite sides of the law stumble onto a criminal plot, they'll need to rely on luck - and patience - to take down a dangerous killer without killing each other first. Alicia Witt, Jennifer Esposito and Jessica Walter co-star in a story that proves that when the going gets tough, the tough continue to move at a moderate pace, thus proving that slow and steady wins the race.
Six high school seniors head out to a secluded lake for a last day together. The group consists of Johnny, Kitty, her friend Deb, Zeke, Kitty's boyfriend Matt, and Simon, Matt's brother. While at the lake, Johnny meets up with Mr. Parks, a friend of his grandfather, who warns him to be careful while in the lake. Although Johnny assures him that he will show respect, he fails to convince the others as they cause disturbances while in the boat.  Eventually, they begin to feel an unknown object touching them underwater. They attempt to row back to shore but lose an oar in the water. As Deb reaches out to retrieve it, a giant fish bites her, causing her to bleed to death. The group frantically tries to row to shore with one oar but the giant fish bites and destroys their remaining oar. In desperation, they throw Deb's body overboard to distract the fish, but this fails, leaving the group stranded on the lake.  Kitty accuses Johnny of knowing about the fish because he tried earlier to give her a necklace for protection. After Zeke attempts to persuade the group to throw Johnny overboard, he jumps overboard and disappears with the fish following him. Hysterical and desperate, Zeke is thrown overboard by an enraged Matt after accusing Kitty of sleeping with both brothers. He is soon eaten alive by the fish with his GoPro recording the ordeal. Johnny, having made it to shore, sets off in a motor boat to rescue the group. He attempts to tie a rope to tow the boat to safety, but the fish bumps the boat causing it to spin with the rope tying around Johnny's neck. Kitty tries to cut the rope, but he dies.  Kitty, Matt and Simon throw Johnny's body into the water as a distraction, but surprisingly, the fish refuses to eat him. The trio argue about Zeke's earlier insinuations regarding Kitty, and Matt angrily throws her into the lake. Kitty is denied entry on the boat, and she swims off. In a fit of madness, the brothers fight, and both end up falling into the water. Simon suffers a head injury, leaving drops of blood that attracts the fish. Matt tries to help his brother, but is kicked by Simon into the fishes path and is eaten while Simon swims to shore.  Meanwhile, Kitty observes Johnny's body floating nearby as she sits on the overturned motorboat. She takes the necklace off him and the fish immediately attacks Johnny's corpse. Believing the necklace will protect her, Kitty manages to swim back to the shore. However, she is confronted by a psychotic Simon, who drowns her in the shallows despite her pleas.  As night descends, the bloodied Simon is met by Mr. Parks. Inquiring about Johnny, Simon replies that everyone is dead. Mr. Parks, stating how Johnny was always kind to him, demands that Simon go back in the lake. When Simon refuses, he is shocked to see Mr. Parks holding a gun as well as Zeke's GoPro and realizes that he knows what happened. He shoots at Simon several times until he goes back into the water. Simon tries to escape but is dragged underwater and devoured by the fish. Johnny's tooth necklace is seen washing ashore on the lake bed, covered with blood.
Dolphin researchers suspect the US Navy's sonar program is causing dolphin deaths. When the US Navy abducts a scientific research dolphin, a teenage dolphin researcher, Alyssa Hawk, risks getting caught to save the dolphin.
Driving to a wedding in Los Angeles through the Mojave desert, Paul and Adrienne pull off the highway and into Roy's Motel and Café. This roadside rest stop proves to be a strange and surreal place with an unsettling mix of travelers, who force the couple to discover a hidden secret.
Vaughn Ely is a beloved native of the small town of Smithville, TX with a dark secret. Formerly the star quarterback, now he's the local mortician. When Ely discovers that his wife Rosemary is cheating on him with the high school English teacher's husband, David Moore, he makes sure they can't do it again. First, he kills Rosemary, but he does not bury her body. Instead, he hides it in his house and dances with the body each night, as though she's still alive. Second, he chases down her lover while he's out jogging at night and buries him alive in Rosemary's empty grave.  Two years later, four high school kids, Travis, Danny, Brian and his girlfriend Abby think they see a ghost in Ely's window when they see Ely dance with his wife's body. They assume since Ely's van is gone, that he is not home. They sneak inside and see what is going on. Enraged, Ely chases them down the stairs and grabs Danny before he can get away. Travis rushes back inside just in time to see Ely shove Danny down the stairs. Ely taunts Travis as he stomps on Danny's head. Ely declines to press charges against the teens, and the police do not believe Travis' accusations.   Travis and Abby become determined to find proof to support that they are telling the truth, that Ely is crazy, and that he killed Danny. When they break into Ely's house a second time, Ely captures Abby and hides her unconscious body in a casket buried in his backyard. As Travis escapes, Ely shoots and wounds him. At the hospital, the doctor notifies the police, and they keep Travis under guard. Travis recruits Brian to help him escape, and while the police chase after Brian, who they think to be Travis, Travis returns to confront Ely and free Abby.  Ely captures Travis and takes both teens to the cemetery, where he intends to bury them alive. On the way, Travis urges Abby to save herself and promises to catch up with her. While Ely forces Travis to dig his own grave, Abby frees herself and flees, only to return to rescue Travis. Abby dresses in Rosemary's clothes and berates Ely for his part in killing her. Ely's grip on his sanity, already tenuous, falters. While Ely argues with Abby-as-Rosemary, Travis sneak attacks him and Abby knocks him out before they bury him alive. The two then walk back to town to get the Sheriff. Ely is rescued from the grave but ends up in an insane asylum. Inside his cell, he proclaims that love sucks while looking into the camera, thus breaking the fourth wall.
Dominic Roy (Callan McAuliffe) is a 17-year-old headstrong and hardworking teen who works in the local potato harvest farm to earn money to escape the struggling Maine hometown hopefully for a better future. Dominic's best friend Casper (Emory Cohen), a reckless teenager who has always dreamed with Dominic about leaving Van Buren, Maine and moving to Boston. But they need to earn enough money in order to do that. Dominic and Casper both have their own ways of earning the money.  While Dominic works hard on the farm to earn his money, Casper on the other hand works with his outlaw father Clayton (Aidan Gillen) to smuggle drugs across the border of Canada. This challenges the two best friends' friendship and loyalty towards each other.
Detective Brian Larson must recapture James Whitley, a psychopath who victimized him and three other boys as children, when Whitley escapes from prison.
A dog comes to the rescue and helps heal a broken family when a boy and his sister stumble into serious danger. The dog stays with the family, and then he tries to save the family by helping him with troubles.
Bennett's War is about a young soldier, Marshall Bennett (Michael Roark), who is in 75th Ranger Regiment during the War in Afghanistan (2001–2021) in Army Motorcycle Unit. He survives an improvised explosive device (IED) explosion while in combat, breaking his legs, and is in turn medically discharged and sent back home to the United States. Once home, he learns that his dad, Cal Bennett (Adkins), is behind on his mortgage and may lose the family farm. Marshall wants to help, but the only thing he can think to do is become a motocross racer. He ignores all medical advice and goes back to the motocross circuit. After he wins a few races against his arch-rival Chris Walker and his brother Kurt, Chris and Kurt cause him to have a bad crash injuring his legs again. Some time later Chris and Kurt's team manager, Cyrus, visits Bennett and tells him that Chris and Kurt betrayed him and now he doesn't have a rider for either the Loretta Lynn Amateur National or the Glen Helen National race. Bennett wins the amateur race and qualifies for the pro race. After Kurt and Chris take out multiple riders, the last lap is between Kurt, Chris, and Bennett. On the last turn Kurt tries to crash Bennett like he did earlier but Bennett hits the brakes and Kurt crashes instead. Bennett beats Chris in a photo finish and celebrates with his pit crew.
Ashley, a spoiled brat, gets a new present and discards her old teddy bear. That night, the teddy bear pulls her into a closet and rips her eyes out, Ashley's Mother Discovers Ashleys corpse and screams in horror at the sight.  Jack, a failed toy designer, continuously depends on his parents, until they are killed in a freak accident on his 35th birthday. Ten months later, Jack is struggling financially from living on his own without support and dealing with maintenance and mortgage, while getting convinced by a man named David to sell his house. Jack also sees his colleague, Richard, as a competition, as he won the designer of the year award. Due to the failures of his toy designs, Jack is subsequently fired by his boss, Ron, and rehired for a lower waged position, instead of being promoted.  Jack decides to become an adult and sell his house, packs his toys, and to Jack's sadness, throws away a stuffed bunny named Benny, his favorite childhood toy. However, Benny destroys all of Jack's plush toys, which prompts him to call two police officers over for an investigation. However, they just insult Jack and eat his biscuits. At work, Jack meets Dawn, a tech consultant, and begins a relationship.  At home, Jack finds David's head on the bed beside him, and the next morning, his body slumped on a chair, and his blood is all over the house. He immediately cleans up his house and narrowly avoids getting caught when the police officers come by to get something they left in his house the day before. After Benny shreds a cat with a lawnmower, Jack makes Benny promise that he will stay here as long as he does not murder anyone else.  Jack is inspired by Benny to create several toy designs, which impresses Ron and his relationship grows closer with Dawn. A realtor shows a woman named Tara about Jack's house, which is on sale, but Benny impales the realtor with a wooden sign and forces Tara to hide for a long period of time in Jack's attic. Jack comes home and is shocked at Benny again, so he keeps him in a box for his date night with Dawn.  Benny frees himself as Ron drops off Precious, his dog, which Benny kills by hacking it in the back with a hatchet. Dawn shares a tragic backstory of when her father tripped over her favorite doll, Amy, and broke his neck. Jack decides to fake Precious' death by stabbing him and throwing him out the window and onto Ron's car, to allegedly protect Dawn from him.  Ron fires Jack, but Benny does not realize that Jack is upset, and even tries to play with the very stressed-out Jack. Benny kidnaps Ron, and Jack sees this as an opportunity to get his job back, but Benny throws a garden tool into Ron's throat before he is rehired. Jack buries Benny in the woods and spends time with Dawn while they clean up Ron's murder. Benny hitches a ride on Dawn's car, where Jack tries to claim that Benny is dangerous, just to be mocked and laughed at by his colleagues. Benny stabs Richard in the hand, and Jack, Dawn, and Richard escape the room, locking Benny inside, who subsequently massacres the remaining workers.  Jack, Dawn, and Richard go back to Jack's house to formulate a plan against Benny, even though Richard is pessimistic. Benny gears up with weapons, while at the same time, the trio booby-traps the house. Benny makes his way into Jack's house through his toilet. Dawn is surprised by Benny with her childhood doll, Amy. Richard gets stabbed and has his organs sucked out by his toy Rosco, which earlier, he discarded. Jack and Dawn continue fighting with Benny and Amy, respectively, which ends in Amy being stabbed and Benny leaping out of the window and shot to death by the same police officers from earlier.  Two months later, Jack and Dawn are starting a new life, with the two police officers covering for them about Benny, Rosco and Ashley's teddy bear are seen hiding out in an alleyway as the bear exclaims "You're Special". In a post-credits scene, Tara is seen dead in the attic, having hidden there for a long time and having succumbed to starvation/dehydration.
Bent follows Danny Gallagher (Karl Urban), a discredited narcotics detective who, upon his release from prison, makes plans to seek revenge on the accuser who framed him and killed his partner. Through his quest, Gallagher is forced to confront a ruthless, seductive government agent Rebecca (Sofía Vergara), who may or may not be on his side; and his mentor Jimmy Murtha (Andy García), a retired cop who has fought corruption his entire career.
Martin Bristol, a young boy with congenital analgesia, is kidnapped by psychotic and bereaved serial killer Graham Sutter. At an abandoned slaughterhouse once operated by his family, Graham cuts Martin's cheek before butchering a captive young woman in front of him. Martin attempts to escape, but Graham catches him and returns him to the slaughterhouse, where he continues to hold the boy and future female victims captive.  Over the next five years, Graham brutally butchers several young women, forcing Martin to watch as the trauma slowly desensitizes him. Graham, who feels guilt over killing the cattle he cared for at the slaughterhouse, talks and argues with the skull of a bull hung on the wall, apparently seeing it, and numerous others like it,  around the property as some kind of mighty deity. It is strongly implied that Graham was abused by his father and eventually murdered him, keeping his corpse concealed under a sheet in the attic.  After the death of her parents, young Allison Miller comes to live with her paternal uncle Jonathan, her aunt Karen, and her cousin Wendy in Minersville, the same town where Graham commits his crimes. While out for a run, she sees Martin from the window of the supposedly abandoned slaughterhouse next to Graham's farmhouse. When she is almost hit by a truck, she meets a local boy, William, with whom she forms a relationship of sorts. One night, Jonathan intervenes as Allison and William are about to have sex.  The next day, Allison goes to the farmhouse after again seeing Martin in the slaughterhouse window and is captured by Graham. When she doesn't return home, Jonathan drives to the farmhouse, looking for her, but Graham shoots him dead. William, also searching for Allison, sees Jonathan's abandoned car and finds Allison locked inside a cold meat room when he investigates. William attempts to save her, but is killed by Graham. Graham has become fearful of Martin because of his inability to feel pain, and pins his hand to the kitchen table with a knife to prevent him from leaving the slaughterhouse. Allison escapes by pushing a metal rod through a hole in the door and lifting the lock mechanism. She finds Martin with his hand still pinned on the kitchen table and removes the knife before carrying him out of the farmhouse.  Graham takes Jonathan's body to his home, and attacks Karen, who tells Wendy to run. Wendy runs upstairs and hides in her closet, tearfully listening to her mother die. Allison arrives at the house, just as Graham has set it on fire. Graham finds Wendy and decides to use her to replace Martin as his assistant, but Allison interrupts and stabs Graham, causing him to flee. Allison attempts to call 911, but Martin stabs her to death, his mind now completely twisted by years of Graham's abuse. He then kills Wendy before leaving the burning house. Martin returns to the farmhouse and attacks the injured Graham with an axe. Graham thanks Martin before being hacked to death. The next morning, the authorities arrive at the smoldering ruins of the Miller house and rule it an accident.  Martin begins to construct a new skeletal shrine in the farmhouse, with the bull's skull as the head. He then stares out the window, waiting for his next victim.  In a post-credit scene set five years later, a girl named Courtney Harrison flees from an unseen pursuer. She enters the farmhouse and discovers Martin, who is now older, sitting at a table. When she asks for help, Martin slowly turns around, as the film ends.
When Air Force One goes down over the Bermuda Triangle, the Navy sends its best rescue team. A terrible storm forces the president to leave in his escape pod, which ends up 7000 metres below the sea. But before they can save the President, the team awakens a series of tentacles from a monstrous underwater ogrot, which threatens America's entire Eastern Seaboard and, ultimately, the world.
In small-town Carthage, Texas, in 1996, local assistant mortician Bernie Tiede, a beloved member of the community, becomes the only friend of the wealthy, recently widowed Marjorie Nugent. The townsfolk consider her cold and unpleasant. Tiede, in his late 30s, and the elderly Nugent quickly become inseparable, frequently traveling and lunching together. Tiede's social life suffers because of Nugent's constant demands for his attention.  Tiede murders Nugent after growing weary of the emotional toll of her possessiveness and persistent nagging. For nine months, Tiede excuses her absence in the community with few questions while using her money to support local businesses and neighbors. Finally, Nugent's stockbroker uses Tiede's neglect of previously agreed-upon payments to enlist the help of her estranged family. This results in an authorized police search of her house, which concludes with the discovery of Nugent's corpse in a freezer chest.  The local district attorney, Danny Buck Davidson, charges Tiede with first-degree (premeditated) murder. Tiede is arrested and he soon confesses that he killed Nugent, while claiming her emotional abuse as a mitigating circumstance. Despite this confession, many citizens of Carthage still rally to Tiede's defense, with some asserting that Nugent deserved to die. Davidson successfully requests a change of venue to the town of San Augustine, 50 miles away, to avoid selecting a biased jury. Despite the absence of evidence of premeditation, Tiede is found guilty as charged and imprisoned for life.
In the wake of his parents' deaths and about to sell their summer home, Daniel has one final weekend with his friends, reality TV star James, recently unemployed Tom, Martin and his wife Abby, Charley, and Daniel's ex-girlfriend Olivia and her fiancé Henry.
Volume One In Los Angeles, a young and lonesome drifter, Jon Kortina, encounters an eccentric mortician named Harvey Lewis. Harvey takes in the homeless Jon, who is wearing a bloody T-shirt, and agrees to hire him as an assistant in his mortuary. The two become friends and hatch an underground enterprise selling the gold fillings which Harvey has collected from the teeth of corpses over the years.  Jon meets bartender Traci Walton; they begin dating and Jon eventually moves in with her. Jon learns some mysterious details of Harvey's past (some involving "the Black Dahlia"). Upset that Harvey is withholding his share from the dental scrap sales, Jon suspects he is being cheated—suspicions fueled by an overheard conversation of Harvey's with a man named Malmo.  Assisted by Traci, Jon plots to trick Harvey into attending a non-existent Rolling Stones concert, planning to leave him on the side of the road and drive away with both their shares of their profits. Harvey spots a hole in the stratagem and confronts Jon; in an ensuing struggle Harvey falls from a cliff into the ocean.  Volume Two Volume Two is framed by numerous cuts throughout to scenes of Jon in Harvey's captivity. These scenes reveal more about their backstories: that Harvey's lover was murdered, becoming the Black Dahlia, and that Jon's bloody shirt in the opening of Volume One was the result of an unsuccessful attempt at suicide by jumping. The two bicker and eventually come to terms with their perceived betrayals of each other.  In the "present" scenes, Jon and Traci attempt to open Harvey's safe (which has the outward appearance of an ATM); without the correct key, they take the entire safe with them and begin driving toward Colorado. After a close call with a police officer in Arizona over expired tags, Jon and Traci ditch their vehicle and call Traci's Uncle Rick for help.  They travel to Rick's ranch house with the safe, which Jon claims contains his college transfer papers for Colorado State University. Rick displays odd and intimidating behavior, such as exercising in front of them and forcing Jon to drink a nightcap, and Jon has a nightmare about Rick and Harvey.  In the morning, Rick reveals that he's unable to get around the safe's extra security mechanisms, and recommends hiring local locksmith Doc Seagar. Doc walks out to the ranch, but when he surmises that there's something potentially illegal going on he demands $25,000, which Rick refuses to provide. Doc calls his employee Vicente to bring nitric acid to open the safe and holds Jon, Traci, and Rick at gunpoint while they wait. Vicente recognizes Traci as a figure from his past and becomes enraged, taking her inside to kill her with a knife. Before he can kill her, he and Doc are both shot and seemingly killed by an unseen figure.  As Jon and Rick plot to dispose of Vicente and Doc's bodies and open the safe themselves, Jon discovers Harvey's car in Rick's garage. He confronts Rick and it is revealed that Rick and Traci are actually a romantic couple who have been scamming Jon; Rick had tailed Harvey and Jon the night Harvey fell from the cliff and stole Harvey's car after Jon fled. Rick leads Jon on a trail to murder him, but Harvey kills Rick and saves Jon, revealing that Harvey survived the fall in Volume One. Jon and Harvey make up and return to Rick's house to confront Traci, with whom Jon breaks up, despite her pleas, and leaves alone.  Harvey drives Jon back to Los Angeles to a home he has purchased for Jon, revealing his secrecy in Volume One to be part of a surprise gift; Malmo was a real estate agent who sold him the house. He also informs Jon that he has enrolled him at a nearby college, and they happily enter the house.  The film ends as a still-alive Vicente arrives outside Jon's new home with a thirst for vengeance.
Minnesotans Scott (Justin Long) and his bride Kristin (Jess Weixler) are having their wedding in Phoenix. During the wedding, Kristin is put off by the obnoxious behavior of Scott's best man Lumpy (Tyler Labine). Lumpy gets extremely drunk and more annoying to the guests until he is cut off from the bar by Scott. Returning to his hotel room, Lumpy continues drinking and carrying on until he accidentally falls and cracks his skull before passing out. He awakens a short time later disoriented and bleeding, and gets himself locked out of the hotel. Wandering into the brush, Lumpy passes out and dies on top of a cactus. He is found the next morning and Scott and Kristin are informed. Since Lumpy was his best friend, Scott feels it is his duty to arrange for Lumpy to be returned to Minnesota for a funeral. Kristin is upset that her honeymoon will be postponed but she supports Scott in his decision. After arranging transport for the body, they return to Minneapolis to contact Lumpy's friends and plan the funeral.  Meanwhile, in a small town in Northern Minnesota we are introduced to Ramsey Anderson (Addison Timlin), a fifteen-year-old girl living with her mom (Frances O'Connor) and her mom's boyfriend (Evan Jones). Her mom is a drug addict with a history of moving around, and her mom's boyfriend is a former soldier in Iraq who has turned to cooking meth to make money. Ramsey catches the local priest (Michael Landes) with another man in his home where they spent the night together and tacitly blackmails him out of $50, which she uses to purchase groceries for their house. Later on, she deliberately allows herself to be caught shoplifting cold medicine so that she wouldn't have to supply it to her mom's boyfriend and is bailed out by the same priest.  Kristin and Scott find Ramsey's name in Lumpy's phone and try to contact her but she doesn't answer. They visit his old law school and job to try to locate Ramsey but discover that Lumpy suddenly quit school and was fired from his job for embezzling tips from the bar. The bar manager tells them that Lumpy was involved with some girl, whom they deduce to be Ramsey. After an uncomfortable argument at Christmas dinner, Kristin pushes Scott to drive up to Ramsey's town and find her. In flashbacks, we learn that Ramsey met Lumpy ten months earlier when he knocked on her door asking for permission to cut across her parents property to go ice fishing. After catching a fish, Lumpy falls through the ice and is rescued by Ramsey. He takes her back to his hotel room where they both get cleaned up but end up having an argument after he asks her to leave. The hotel clerk calls the police on Lumpy and he is arrested, but released after Ramsey shows the police the fishing hole and accident. After this, Lumpy begins visiting Ramsey more frequently and the two develop a close friendship.  Scott and Kristin arrive in Ramsey's town and find her house. They tell her that Lumpy has died and offer to give her details about the funeral, but instead she asks them to leave. Finding a hotel for the night, Scott admits that he quit his job after being denied a commission and that the money for their honeymoon was a gift from Lumpy. The next morning, Ramsey finds them at the hotel and asks for a ride to Minneapolis for the funeral. She tells them she is pregnant with Lumpy's baby and needs to leave. They take her home to get permission from her mom, and are confronted by the mom's gun-wielding boyfriend who believes they are police. Ramsey's mom, realizing that this is Ramsey's chance to get away from this lifestyle, gives her money and tells her it's ok to go.  Back in Minneapolis Ramsey gets into an argument with Kristin and Scott when she reveals Lumpy's biggest secret, that he had a heart defect and knew he was dying. After fighting, Ramsey walks out. The next day at the funeral Ramsey delivers a powerful eulogy, replete with information about Lumpy that no one knew but her. Afterwards, she admits to Scott that she is not pregnant and that Lumpy was a true gentleman who was never intimate with her. Lumpy's mom gives Ramsey an envelope with some money in it that he left for her, and tells her there's more in a safe deposit box and that Lumpy meant for her to pay for her college with it. Ramsey sees the priest's boyfriend from earlier at the funeral and realizes it's Scott's boss Rick (Sasha Andreev). She takes him aside and talks to him, leading to Scott getting his job back.  The next day, Ramsey prepares to catch a bus home when Scott reveals that her mom called. Her mom left her boyfriend and was moving, and gave Ramsey permission to live with Scott and Kristin until she gets on her feet. Scott asks what Ramsey told his boss to get his job back, and she coyly responds that he probably doesn't want to know. The film ends with them all preparing to go out for dinner.
Four young women have a series of wild and raucous adventures during a bachelorette party in Las Vegas.
Quincy Johnson (Jerry Trainor) is a barely employed adult gamer who lives at home with his parents. Quincy plays video games under the username "Q" and is renowned in the gaming community for his many awards and world records. Much to Quincy's dismay, his parents decide to sell their house, meaning Quincy will need to find a new place of residence. Quincy decides to try to buy the house from them for $175,000. He plans on getting the money from a tournament for a new video game called "Black Hole", where the grand prize is $175,000. He discusses the dilemma with his number one fan, Wendell (Amir Talai). While practicing for the tournament, Quincy finds a player named "Prodigy" whom he cannot defeat. Quincy and Wendell decide to find out who Prodigy really is to secure Quincy's chance of winning the tournament, also because Quincy needs a place to stay. Wendell picks Quincy up and finds out that Prodigy lives nearby. They seek a plan to beat Prodigy while together.  When they find Prodigy's house, Quincy discovers that Prodigy is actually a sullen high school girl named Christina Saunders (Jennette McCurdy), ("Chris" for short), who thinks that he is her mom Tracy's (Janet Varney) internet date. But the plan almost fails when Mr. Johnson, Tracy's real Internet date, arrives, however, Wendell manages to stall him. Quincy decides he will have to go on a date with her, so on his and Tracy's first date, Quincy lies to her, saying that he is a home economics teacher at Chris' school. Tracy tells Chris, in front of Quincy, that if Chris gets any more F's she will not be allowed to play any video games. The next day, Wendell has set up Quincy to be the home economics teacher at Chris's school. Later, Chris goes to science class and is the first to present her project which Quincy and Wendell had sabotaged the previous night so that she would fail and not be able to play in the tournament. It goes awry and ends up with Chris getting an A+, and she gloats to Quincy about the $175,500 she will win at the tournament.  The next day, Quincy asks several boys if any one of them will take Chris to the prom, which is on the same day of the tournament. No one shows any interest and they all leave except Sheldon (Nick Benson) who reveals that he has had an unnoticed crush on Chris. Quincy takes Sheldon to the library and they research pick-up lines on the computer so they can research how to woo Chris. Quincy then tells Sheldon to sign up for the football tryouts. Unfortunately, Sheldon, being a complete nerd, is tackled by a stronger jock and given a massive, humiliating, almost atomic wedgie in front of Chris. The bully, however, doesn't stop there, dangle Sheldon by the wedgie in front of the entire bleachers full of girls. After a full minute of dangling Sheldon by his briefs, Sheldon's friend Ash convinces the bully to let go of his underpants and drop Sheldon to the floor. Quincy realizes that Chris likes Ash (Jean-Luc Bilodeau).  Later on a field trip to a video arcade planned by Quincy, Ash asks Chris to prom much to her delight. Chris, later on, tells Quincy and Tracy that Ash asked her to the prom, and she will be missing the tournament. Quincy assures her there will be more tournaments, and they look on the Internet for some other tournaments, when Chris sees Quincy on a magazine cover about video games. Realizing Quincy is Q, a furious Chris spitefully decides to "destroy" him at the tournament, even rejecting Ash's prom invitation to do so, while Tracy appears and furiously asks Quincy to leave after he tells her the truth. After leaving, Wendell tells Quincy that he is also competing in the tournament and kicks Quincy out of his house for choosing Tracy over gaming.  The next day they go to the tournament, Quincy, Wendell, and Chris each win in their respective first rounds. Sheldon (going by the name "Shell-Shock") appears, after having been released from the hospital. Quincy admits to Tracy that he loves her and has feelings for her, but Wendell convinces everyone to think it's "smack talk", which inadvertently humiliates and embarrasses Tracy in front of everyone and further worsens the rift between Quincy and Tracy. Tracy, however, who knows that is not true, is not sure about what he said. For the final event, Wendell asks Quincy if he'll work with him to destroy Chris and when they win they will share the award fifty-fifty. Quincy doesn't reply and jumps on Prodigy/Chris; leading everyone on that he will destroy her, but then he works with her to destroy Wendell. But in Quincy's final strike, Wendell and Quincy destroy each other. Chris appears to be the winner, but the game is not over. Sheldon/Shell-Shock, thought to have been defeated, gets up and defeats Chris/Prodigy to win the game.  Ash appears from the crowd to Chris's surprise. He congratulates her despite not winning and says he intended to spend the evening with her anyway, and that there is still time to go to the prom. Quincy apologizes to and reconciles with Tracy and asks her to the prom, to which she accepts. In the ending credits, you see prom photos of Ash, Tracy, Chris, and Quincy.
While testing the latest first person shooter from global game developer, Sentinel, video game champion Max Troy discovers the events happening within the game are being reflected in the real world. He soon determines that the game's protagonist is real-life Orson Creed, an ex-Sentinel employee who is being remotely controlled by the corporation for reasons unknown. As virtual and real worlds collide, Max and Creed must join forces to unravel the conspiracy before the game's sinister events escalate and overwhelm the city.
Doug Varney (Sam Rockwell), is unhappily married to Kara (Michelle Monaghan). They have a son Ethan who is acting weird. Kara isn't interested in anything but staying fit and cycling; she teaches spin classes and wins the town's cycle race every year. Straitlaced Doug is bullied by his retired father-in-law, whose small-town Pharmacy he took over.  Elizabeth (Olivia Wilde), is a bored trophy wife, prescription drug abuser and one of Doug's best clients. She seduces the unhappy Doug and they begin an  affair during which they both use Doug's businesses to abuse drugs. Doug's life is transformed by "better living through chemistry". Elizabeth persuades Doug to murder her husband Jack (Ray Liotta) so that they can run away together by tampering with the dosages of his heart medication. The plan fails when the delivery boy steals the medication and overdoses. Doug realizes that he can't abandon his son who needs him and straightens up. Elizabeth leaves Jack and heads overseas.
At Christmas time, 17-year-old Ashley is babysitting precocious 12-year-old Luke Lerner. Luke has romantic feelings for Ashley and unsuccessfully attempts to seduce her while watching a horror film. Strange happenings outside put Ashley on edge, but it ultimately appears to be just Luke's best friend, Garrett, who has arrived to visit. Hearing a window break upstairs, the trio find a brick inscribed with "U leave and U die." Garrett panics and runs out the back door, but is apparently killed by an unknown shooter.  Shocked, Ashley and Luke run upstairs and hide in the attic. Ashley almost breaks her neck from a fall but Luke catches her. After they run into Luke's room and hide in his closet, a masked intruder armed with a shotgun walks in. Ashley recognizes the mask as one of Luke's and tells the intruder to take it off, revealing Garrett. Ashley realizes that Luke was hoping to seduce her by scaring her and staging a rescue. Angered, Ashley yells at Luke, calling him mental and saying he needs therapy and tries to leave. Luke follows behind Ashley and once at the top of the stairs Luke slaps her, causing her to fall down the stairs and be knocked unconscious.  Luke binds Ashley with duct tape, forcing her to play truth or dare. Her boyfriend Ricky arrives at the house after receiving a text message sent by Ashley earlier. When Ricky fails to find Ashley, he realizes that something is wrong. Luke tries to knock him out but fails. After nearly killing Luke, Ricky is threatened by Garrett with the shotgun. Luke knocks Ricky out and they tie him up beside Ashley.  While Ashley uses a shard of glass to cut herself free, Luke tries to show Garrett what happens if you actually hit someone in the head with a swinging paint can, based on a scene from the film Home Alone. Luke tries to demonstrate with Ricky but misses on the first swing. Ashley gets free and threatens Luke with a gun. He releases the paint can, which hits and kills Ricky. When Ashley realizes the gun is empty, she tries to escape to a group of carolers outside. Luke uses the brick tossed through the upstairs window to knock her out again before she can alert them.  Luke calls Ashley's ex-boyfriend, Jeremy, claiming that she wants him to write an apology letter. While Jeremy does so, Luke hangs him from a tree, making the apology look like a suicide note. Garrett has a change of heart and starts to free Ashley, but is killed by Luke. Luke stabs Ashley in the neck and stages the scene to frame Jeremy. Later, he goes to bed and waits for the return of his parents, who contact the police. Ashley survives, having placed duct tape over the stab wound to stop the bleeding. Luke watches from his bedroom window as Ashley gives him the finger before being wheeled into the ambulance.
Zach Galifianakis is the host of his public access TV show Between Two Ferns. After Will Ferrell discovered the show and uploaded it to Funny or Die, Zach has become a viral laughing stock, attracting millions of views every day due to his poor direction. During an interview with Matthew McConaughey, Zach accidentally sets off a sprinkler system and causes a water leak which floods the room, drowning Matthew, although he is later resuscitated.  The incident attracts more views than ever, resulting in Will to offer Zach to turn ten episodes in two weeks and become president of Funny or Die; Zach, dreaming of having his own talk-show, accepts and starts a road trip. While the road trip is successful; Zach bonds with his crew and even though the interviews with guests David Letterman, Paul Rudd, Chrissy Teigen (with whom he has an affair after trying to interview her because of Jake Gyllenhaal's canceled flight), John Legend (who sprays him with mace because of the affair), Jon Hamm, Hailee Steinfeld, Awkwafina, Tiffany Haddish, Benedict Cumberbatch, and Tessa Thompson are successful, Zach becomes short of money due to expensive activities. This causes Zach's manager, Carol (Lauren Lapkus) to steal Fabergé eggs  from Peter Dinklage during his interview to sell them and buy their return to Los Angeles.  On their way back, Zach gets into an accident by reading emails while driving, destroying his two beloved ferns. Despite antagonizing his crew, they reconcile and go back to Los Angeles and win the deal. Learning he will get four new ferns, Zach celebrates and starts his new show, Ferns with Zach Galifianakis and within a month became a national success. Although, his crew criticizes its lack of charm and personality causing Zach to cancel his talk-show and leave with his crew, not before two of his new ferns get destroyed by a car.
A couple for over six years, Dianne and Henry live together in a small apartment. At lunch with family, they receive a lot of pressure to progress in their relationship.  The couple goes to look at new apartments to buy, but Henry is clearly resistant. Their relationship has become routine and faintly boring. Dianne says she doesn't need to further their commitment, yet is more open to the idea, even eyeing engagement rings.  At a screening of a film he's been working on, Henry meets Veronica. She likes the film  but says it needs music, so suggests he come see her band doing a gig.  Dianne organizes big events, and meets Robert through work. Her company is doing a publicity event for his website. Going with him in his car to Long Beach, he makes a pass at her. Although she explains she's in a steady relationship, he kisses her.  Dianne and Henry spontaneously get married at city hall, not even having wedding bands. They ask their limo driver to take them somewhere for drinks. Soon their giddyness changes, and Dianne starts crying. Leaving in the limo, they decide to go home.  Not long after the couple argues over the kiss. Henry storms off, and Dianne stays behind, drinking. Shortly thereafter she calls Robert, who comes for her in the car they had taken previously, driven by Nadia, who's clearly with him.   Meanwhile, Henry finds Veronica at a gig, and they party wild through to the morning in a group. She tries to get a few to have an orgy with her and Henry, but they get no takers.  Dianne has met Liam, a performer from an alternative theatrical piece she watches with Robert and Nadia. They spend all night talking and drinking. By morning, they go to hers for a drink and have sex. Dianne makes it clear it was a one off and isn't interested in more, disappointing him as he's going through a divorce.  Henry has gone to Veronica's but it's not clear if they've had sex or not. He leaves her, splayed out naked and face down on her bed. Henry heads home, arriving before Liam has left. Enraged, he tries to fight him, but Liam is much stronger and pins him to the floor. Liam untruthfully says Dianna told him their relationship was over.  Once they are alone, Henry goes to the bedroom supposedly to get things. When he comes out, they have a slap match and she starts to cry. He subdues her with an embrace. At first she declares she hates him, and he responds me too several times over, the struggle becomes a mutual embrace. They sway together, dancing.
At an Alabama truck stop, truck driver Joe Majors walks in on a woman, Julie, being choked and seemingly assaulted by another man. He grabs the man and pulls him off Julie. However, Julie goes on to explain that she had asked the man to choke her. She relays a childhood experience during which she nearly drowned and had an out-of-body experience which allowed her to enter the spirit world. Since her daughter Billie was recently left in a coma after a motorcycle accident, Julie, desperate to save her, was trying to find Billie's spirit in the nether world to return it to her body when Joe walked in on her being choked. Joe – whose wife and daughter tragically died – takes Julie to the hospital to witness Billie go into cardiac arrest. Julie makes Joe choke her and enters the nether realm to lead Billie's spirit back to her body. Billie survives.  Joe accompanies Julie home and, even though Joe feels and looks as though he's been on the road for three days, they have sex. He stays with Julie for the next few days and is fired for not completing his duties in a timely fashion. He laments that a man without a truck is not a man. Billie is discharged from the hospital. While her injuries are healing, her demeanor seems odd to Julie and to her friends Mike and Rick. She also makes sexual advances to Joe, who is confused but not disinterested. While Julie drives into town to retrieve Joe's belongings from his former employer, Billie reveals to Joe that she is not in fact Billie but the spirit of his deceased wife, Mary, who has taken over Billie's body. Joe is quick to believe her and starts to engage in frisky activities with her, rushing to cover up their exploits when Julie returns home.  Julie is suspicious of Joe's and Billie's behavior and speaks to a nurse from the hospital who is knowledgeable about the logistics of the spirit world. She tells Julie that the spirit that returned to Billie's body is not Billie's and suggests that it is likely that of Joe's dead wife. Meanwhile, Joe and Billie/Mary have intense intercourse at home. During his coitus with Billie, Joe is drawn into a dreamlike memory or alternate world in which he is having sex with Mary. Julie returns home and Joe panics, while Billie assures him that all he's hearing is the cat. He astutely objects, "You don't have a cat," just before Julie walks in on them in the act. Julie is furious and demands that Joe help her expel Mary's spirit from Billie's body. Billie/Mary knocks Julie unconscious to stop her and asks Joe to run away with her.  Billie and Joe intend to rob Mike and Rick. Joe knocks out Mike (who has affections for Billie) and gets into a scuffle with Rick, fatally shooting him by accident. Billie/Mary takes the cash she finds at the house and takes Joe back to the ruins of the house in which Joe and Mary used to live with their daughter Sarah until Mary and Sarah died in a tragic fire allegedly caused by accident. Meanwhile, Mike confronts Julie, who tells him about Billie's and Mary's spirits being swapped. Joe gets emotional when he finds Sarah's jack-in-a-box as he still blames himself for her and Mary's deaths. Joe and Billie/Mary vow to rebuild their relationship, but Mike and Julie walk in on them and hold them up at gun point. Billie/Mary draws a gun on Julie and admits to killing Sarah before setting the house on fire on purpose as she says she is "not good on her own". Julie walks towards Billie/Mary and is fatally shot by her. Julie forces Mary's spirit back into the nether realm with her, allowing Billie's spirit to re-enter her own body.  Joe is distraught by what he has learned about Sarah's death. He cradles her jack-in-the-box while calling out her name lamentingly, then pours gasoline over himself, puts a cigarette in his mouth and sets it – and himself – on fire. Seemingly not feeling any pain, he puts the cigarette out on himself as the house around him burns down, yet again. Billie and Mike flee the scene, leaving Julie's dead body behind, and drive off. In the epilogue, we see a memory from Joe's earlier life, during which he shoots his abusive father dead.
Two years after the events of the first film, newly married couple Papi (voiced by George Lopez) and Chloe (voiced by Odette Yustman) are trying to keep up with their five puppies Papi Jr, Lala, Rosa, Ali and Pep (voiced by Zachary Gordon, Madison Pettis, Chantilly Spalan, Delaney Jones and Emily Osment) running around the house, creating problem after problem. However, Papi shows a soft side for the pups and occasionally tells them of their ancient ancestors, the Chihuahua Warriors. Aunt Viv (Susan Blakely), Chloe's owner, is in the rain forest for the next 6 months with her niece, Rachel (Erin Cahill) searching for plants for medical research. During this time Sam (Marcus Coloma), Papi's owner and Rachel's boyfriend, is caring for the whole chihuahua family. Sam takes Chloe, Papi and the puppies back home to meet his parents, Mr. and Mrs. Cortez (Castulo Guerra and Lupe Ontiveros).  Sam finds out that his parents are struggling to pay the mortgage on their house and the bank plans to take their home and sell it. Chloe and the rest of the dogs decide to compete in a dog show in order to win a large cash prize. Delgado, an old friend, also comes to the home and tells Chloe that he needs her help with a secret mission. The mission turns out to be Delgado trying to tell his two sons the truth about why he left them as puppies, but he cannot bring himself to do it. Later, Papi initially wins the dog show, but is later disqualified due to lack of breed papers, losing to an arrogant and vain French poodle named Appoline (Bridgit Mendler). After hearing that Delgado has sons in Los Angeles, the puppies set off to find them. In trying to help, the puppies get caught up in a bank robbery.  Meanwhile, Chloe, Papi, Pedro (Papi's adoptive brother) and Delgado are trying to find the puppies when they appear running across the television screen at the site of the bank robbery. They run to the bank to begin searching for the puppies. The puppies happen to crawl into the crooks' duffel bags and end up at Hoffman's Bread Factory. Pedro finds a mask with the scent of bread on it which leads them to the factory. They foil the robbery, then return home to find that they have been awarded more than enough money to save their house and Rachel and Aunt Viv have returned. Delgado also goes back into the police force with his two sons, now that they found out the truth on why Delgado left them as pups. Rachel accepts Sam's marriage proposal and the family celebrates.
After their wedding, Rachel and Sam decide to find new jobs. The Langham Hotel is willing to let anybody who can take the place of the landscaper and chef live in the hotel. Sam and Rachel bring Chloe and Papi to the hotel, where Chloe and Papi meet Oscar and Jenny, the hotel's Doggy Day School teachers. Papi is less than thrilled when he discovers he will no longer be teaching the pups. Mr. Hollis, the manager, notices Chloe and asks if she can make appearances as the hotel has gained a major threat, Montague, the owner of a new hotel rivaling the Langham. Because of this Sam and Rachel get the jobs. Rosa is also not much happier at the thought of Doggy Day School. Pedro also comes along to the Langham decked out in sunnies. The humans, chihuahuas and Pedro are blown away at their room's luxury. However Rosa isn't feeling happy and is nervous about day school. Papi comforts her, telling her about how he was a chamberlain at a friend's Quinceanera when Pedro finds a picture in a box marked "DO NOT OPEN". Papi tells her what a Quinceanera is about. Later, Chloe, Sam and Rachel start work and the puppies go to school.  Rachel meets her boss, Chef Didier, an uptight man who is very fond of himself. When somebody quits, Chef says that he fired him. When he and Rachel meet, he tells her to wash dishes and then throws herbs at her face. Sam meets his assistant, Lester, who is lazy and tired and leaves Sam to do all the work. Rosa is being bullied by a large dog who teases her for having to wear swimmies. Rosa runs off, upset and embarrassed and the puppies get payback on the dog. Papi finds Sam and offers assistance, but just as he begins to help, he hears a rustling sound and finds an overgrown and messy garden. There, he meets Arnie, a stray dog. Oscar then arrives as Jenny quickly leaves, not wanting to be seen or heard. Papi is concerned for the pups' safety and asks Oscar what is going on. Oscar, however, doesn't want to mention anything and leaves Papi to ponder what is going on. Arnie makes a carving of Jenny to warn Papi, but Papi doesn't understand it.  Back at home, Rosa fakes being sick to avoid going to school but when Papi says she will have to go to the vet, she claims she is feeling better. She claims that she does not want to be little anymore and states she wants to be a Quince. When the other pups assume it is "One of dad's weird Mexican holidays", they state they want a sweet sixteen, but Rosa says she wants a Quince and Papi promises to throw her one. The next day, an old friend, Sebastian, arrives (as one does) and helps with the party planning. But in the midst of the party planning, Papi continues to be his paranoid self and was pressured due to the lot of errands he has been working on. As more proof of Jenny and Oscar scheming something behind their backs, and Rosa saving a dog, Charlotte, who was a VIP guest at the hotel, they contact Delgado, to help with their plan on catching Jenny and preparing Rosa's quince.  The next day, Papi, Pedro and Arnie are together, with Pedro keeping watch. Jenny appears, telling Oscar to be quiet. She trips and falls into a pit of peanut butter, and Pedro calls more dogs. When Hollis overhears the commotion, Pedro opens the gate, and Delgado appears with Montague, the competitor hotel manager, hung upside down. A bewildered Chloe comes and apologizes to Papi. After a while, Chloe and Papi wake up Rosa with quince outfits for her and her siblings and get ready. As the quince starts, Ali reveals that she was the one who mentioned Charlotte's rescue to the other pups. Jenny and Oscar are arrested, Papi becomes the new teacher at the doggy day care, and Hollis adopts Arnie.
After being fired from his high school paper by editor Gavin Reilly, Eddie "Gonzo" Gilman establishes an underground paper with his friends Rob Becker, Ming Na, and Schneeman to give a voice to unpopular students. Eddie's idea catches the attention of Evie Wallace, who joins the paper's team out of disdain for Gavin. The first issue causes a commotion throughout the school and Principal Roy and Gavin offer to give Eddie his own section in the main paper if he tones down his content. Eddie, however, refuses to censor his articles, even under the threat of suspension.  For the second issue, Eddie exposes the unsanitary conditions of his school's cafeteria, causing the cafeteria to be closed by the health inspector. The issue brings popularity to Eddie in the high school, which grows when Principal Roy suspends him. He and Evie also enter into a relationship. However, Gavin attempts to damage Eddie's reputation by falsely claiming Eddie staged the conditions as a favor to diner owner Errol, Eddie's first advertiser. Eddie retaliates by writing an exposé on Gavin, in which he reveals Gavin had Schneeman write a paper for him in exchange for not being bullied and humiliated an anonymous girl (Evie) with his friends after having sex with her; information Schneeman and Evie trusted him to keep confidential. After the article is released, Eddie's friends break off contact with him and he is indefinitely suspended from school, pending a likely expulsion.  At the advice of his father, Eddie creates a video apologizing for his actions and his suspension is lifted. The apology earns him back the respect of many of his classmates, although, other than Rob, his friends continue to refuse to speak with him. Nevertheless, Evie reaches out to Eddie again. The two make amends and resume their relationship.
A detective searching for a missing child is approached by a radio psychic who claims to be able to see visions through the child's eyes.
Taking place at the same time as Skyline, Mark Corley, a Los Angeles police detective, helps his estranged son, Trent, out of jail just as an alien invasion begins. Much of the city's population is taken up into various spaceships by a blue light. Mark leads a group of surviving humans through underground subway tunnels to escape, though most of the humans are killed or abducted. The survivors, Mark, Trent, transit operator Audrey, and homeless man "Sarge" (who is immune to the blue light due to his blindness), escape to the marina following the city's nuclear destruction, only to be abducted into the alien flagship.  On board, Mark tries to find his son and storms his way into various chambers, where he meets up with survivor Elaine and her transformed husband Jarrod (from the first film). Elaine explains that Jarrod retains control of his mind despite being transformed into a bio-mechanical alien soldier. Though Elaine is only three months pregnant, her pregnancy has accelerated and she gives birth to a daughter.  Elaine dies during the delivery, and Mark and Jarrod team up to destroy the ship by setting alien explosives inside the control systems. When Jarrod is killed fighting the alien leader, Mark rescues Audrey but is too late to save his son. Trent has his brain taken and placed in another alien bio-mechanical machine creature. The dying Jarrod destroys the ship, which crashes in rural Laos.  Mark, Audrey, Sarge and the baby escape from the spaceship which starts to repair itself. Sarge dies from his wounds shortly after the group meets Sua and his sister Kanya, who belong to a drug cartel and fight against both aliens and local rogue ex-policemen bandits. While trekking through the jungle, they discover that the human baby grows at an accelerated rate, from an infant into a three-year-old in just one day. Sua and Kanya lead the rest to a hidden human resistance hideout located in local ruins. In addition, the leader of the rogue policemen, Huana, intercepts them but is disarmed and captured by Sua.  Harper, a medical officer and former drug chemist, examines the baby girl and learns about her unique DNA. He believes her blood may be the key to defeating the aliens. Using the child's blood and recovered alien technology, Harper develops the serum that he believes will free the bio-mechanical soldiers from alien control and restore their human personalities.  While on a patrol, Kanya encounters an alien and sacrifices herself by luring it into an old minefield left over from the Vietnam war. The ensuing explosion destroys the alien, but gives away their location to the ships searching for the baby. They converge on the human base. During the resulting battle, several members of the resistance are killed, including Harper. Mark enters an alien ship and uses his serum to turn the mind-controlling blue light into a red light that frees the mind-controlled soldiers. Before he can deploy it, the aliens attack and rip out the cannon containing the light. Sua frees a jailed Huana so that he can fight for the resistance. Mark, Audrey, Sua and Huana then make a last stand to fight back the aliens.  Trent, his mind restored after encountering his father, also fights back. During the battle, the child fixes the cannon, which Trent uses to kill the alien leader and release the red light, freeing the bio-mechanical soldiers. With Earth saved, Audrey names the girl Rose after Mark's deceased wife.  Ten years later, Rose, now a fully-grown adult, has taken control of an alien ship, and Trent is her second-in-command. Rose leads freed bio-mechanical soldiers and humans in an assault on the other alien ships around the Moon, including the mothership.
The story takes place in 1987 and follows a young teacher and mother of two who, fresh from college, ends up teaching homeless children at a school without a name.  With the support of her husband, she overcomes fears and prejudice to give these children the education they deserve.
A young man named Chance Wilson falls into a life of corruption moving back into the intercity against the wishes of his father Frank Wilson (Johnny Messner). Frank Wilson initially hoped to keep his son safe and out of trouble by moving out into the country after the death of his wife. Believing life outside the big city is no life at all, Chance returns to the city where he becomes involved with gangsters led by Desmond Packard (Zack Ward). While in the city, Chance developed a notorious reputation for gambling, oftentimes wagering more than he could afford to pay. One night after gambling at Packard's club, Chance's apartment is invaded by Packard and his men. Unable to produce the money he owes, Chance is brutally beaten and fatally shot by Packard.  Police Detective Ray Munce (DMX) is called to the murder scene. Afterwards, he locates Frank Wilson's residence via Frank's closest friend and neighbor Mr. Swilley (Bill Cobbs). The detective informs Frank of his son's murder and Frank embarks on a quest for justice for his son. He is visited in a diner by a colleague named Ashley Millet, formerly employed at the DA office who offers her support. Meanwhile, news  of Chance's murder quickly reaches the local mob. The boss Augustino "Finn" Adair (Seagal) is displeased to learn that Packard killed what is revealed as the "son of a cop". Making matters worse is that Frank Wilson is not simply a former cop living off-grid, but a man Boss Adair personally knows as being "one of the dirtiest cops" in the city, and a man whose life either must be bought or ended.  As Wilson returns to life in the city, he meets Charlotte (Saxon Sharbino) who was Chance's girlfriend and an employee at one of the clubs Chance frequently visited. Despite her claim that Chance developed a bad reputation as a gambler with excessively high debt, Frank discovers Charlotte bought drugs using all of Chance's money that was owed to Packard. She confesses she wanted to leave the city with Chance but could not convince him. Frank blames her as the cause of his son's death and holds her accountable for the rest of her life. Frank also confronts Packard himself and vows justice for his son's death. It is later revealed that Munce is a dirty cop, working as an informant for Adair's mob. He reveals Frank's location in the country to Packard, who then sends out a hit squad. Frank dispatches most of the hit squad before being wounded. Munce visits the hospital Frank is recovering at and meets Frank's friends Swilley and Ashley.  Meanwhile, Boss Adair and Packard have a falling out after Adair condemns Packard's conduct and blames him for endangering their mob family for his wrongful murdering of Chance. Packard hatches a scheme to take over the mob family with his "father"'s second-in-command. The conspiracy is quickly discovered however and Adair executes his second-in-command as punishment. Meanwhile, Munce informs Packard of Frank's two closest friends and Packard sets out to silence Swilley. Munce attempts to have Frank killed during his release from the hospital by other dirty cops. The ambush fails and Frank soon after meets and fatally shoots Munce after he admits his corruption. Frank proceeds to go to Packard's headquarters where he confronts and kills him, but not before being wounded by one of Packard's men. Soon after, Boss Adair is waiting for Frank who he now knows he must kill to protect his mob operation and legacy. The two fight, but Adair easily overpowers the wounded Frank and shoots him. Police respond to a 9-1-1 call on Frank's phone as the dying Frank smiles with content at the knowledge Adair will be imprisoned for life.  The film's final moments follow Charlotte who apparently went into hiding at a hotel. She reads a breaking news bulletin on her smartphone reporting Boss Adair's arrest and questioning for the murders of Frank Wilson and Detective Munce. Fearing any possible connections, Charlotte attempts to flee for her life but is intercepted by one of Adair's associates armed with a gun.
In 1998 in London, a young Noni Jean is taken by her mother Macy to a salon to get her hair done before her performance at a talent contest. Noni is happy to win second place for her performance of Nina Simone's "Blackbird", but her mother refuses to accept anything but first place and forces Noni to smash her trophy on the ground.  In the present, Noni Jean is a hot new artist who has just won a Billboard Music Award for her collaboration with her boyfriend Kid Culprit and is primed for superstardom. However, the pressures of success cause her to nearly end her life by falling off a hotel balcony. She is saved by a young police officer, Kaz Nicol. Noni's team, including her mother, tells the media in a press conference that she fell by accident. Kaz, who has political ambitions, is not happy to be forced to lie to the media, and is initially cold to Noni. However, he later apologizes to her. Gradually, they connect and begin to fall in love, despite her mother's disapproval. Noni tells Kaz about the songs she has secretly written, and he is supportive of her creative ambitions. Noni decides to end the romantic relationship with Kid Culprit that her team has encouraged.  In spite of her team's attempt to cover it up, rumors persist that Noni attempted suicide, and her label tells Macy (who is also Noni's manager) that her record contract is conditional on a successful upcoming performance. However, during the performance, Kid Culprit sexually assaults and humiliates her, claiming that Noni attempted suicide because he'd broken up with her. He tries to strip Noni's clothes off on stage when Kaz rushes in to rescue her and punches Kid Culprit in her defense. Following this, Noni loses her record contract and is at a low point emotionally, so Kaz takes her on a trip to Mexico away from the spotlight where they enjoy each other's company. Noni gets rid of her old hairstyle in favor of her natural hair, and a trip to a local karaoke bar leads to Noni giving an emotional performance of "Blackbird." The performance is uploaded to the internet and goes viral, causing Noni's mother and the paparazzi to find her. Macy tells Noni that the viral success of her performance has caused her record label to reconsider, and Noni agrees to return home. Kaz tells Noni he is not convinced that anything will be different than it was before, and their relationship is put on pause.  Noni wants to add a song she has written to her upcoming album, but Macy refuses. The two fight about their relationship and Noni tells her mother that even after her suicide attempt, Macy continued to focus only on her career to the detriment of her happiness and mental health. Noni fires Macy as her manager. Meanwhile, Kaz has begun a political campaign and reflects on whether his career should take precedence over his personal happiness. Inspired by Kaz's honesty, Noni gives a television interview where she admits to having attempted suicide and says she is getting help. Noni prepares for her first live performance in London, and shortly before going onstage suddenly encounters Kaz, who has taken a flight there and expresses his love for her. Noni performs a song she has written to an enthusiastic audience. She brings Kaz onstage, tells him that she loves him too, and they embrace.
William Reynolds (Andrew Chaney) is an assassin for the British East India Company, who attempts to "retire". His boss Charles Kemp (John Rhys-Davies) tries to have him killed. He flees, taking the name and job of a vicar who died saving William's life.  William attempts to settle into the quiet life of a vicar (with a surprising degree of success) and falls in love with Charlotte Holloway (Kara Killmer).  An old associate happens upon the quiet town and confronts William, who kills him. Later, William asks Charlotte to marry him, and she agrees on the condition of her uncle's approval.  At Christmas, Charlotte's uncle arrives and is revealed to be Charles Kemp, who discloses William's true identity to Charlotte and tries (again) to kill him. William flees to the colony of Pennsylvania and finds a job in Benjamin Franklin's (Alan Madlane) printing shop.  William later discovers that Charlotte and her uncle have arrived in America, with Kemp supporting the loyalists on behalf of the East India Company. William sets out to redeem his name before reuniting with Charlotte. He works as a printer by day and a masked vigilante by night, thwarting the evil plans of the East India Company.   William attends a masked ball in New York with the intention of revealing documents outlining the role of the East India Company, specifically Charles Kemp. He saves the life of George Washington (John Arden McClure), but is framed and arrested by Kemp and sentenced to be hanged at dawn.  Realizing her feelings for William as well as her uncle's evilness, Charlotte steals her uncle's next set of plans and breaks William out of the prison ship. They flee to Philadelphia where she is captured by her uncle's men. Kemp reveals to her that he has planted barrels of gunpowder under various important buildings in the city, notably Independence Hall where the Continental Congress is debating the Declaration of Independence, with the explosives set to go off at noon, just when the Declaration of Independence is about to be approved. William discovers the gunpowder and traces the trigger back through the new sewer system to Windmill Island, where Kemp and his men have set up a generator and are also holding Charlotte. After revealing the plot to Franklin, William swims to the island and kills Kemp. He rescues Charlotte and blows up the laboratory, preventing disaster. The Declaration of Independence is passed without incident, much to Franklin's relief.  The two swim back to shore where Franklin and some soldiers are waiting for them with a prison carriage. The surviving loyalists are arrested, while Charlotte insists on accompanying William. Out of their earshot, Franklin says that the extradition policy between Pennsylvania and New York is vague. Charlotte and Will discover a note saying that the carriage is not taking Will to prison. Will gives Charlotte the ring he has been carrying since he first asked her to marry him back in England, she accepts, and the two kiss.
Ruthless tycoon and trophy collector John Madec flaunts his $500,000 all-terrain vehicle in a small Mojave desert town, buying off the local sheriff to bag an endangered desert bighorn sheep. The sheriff solicits the young but experienced tracker Ben to guide Madec an hour outside of town into the canyon country of Shiprock. Madec taunts Ben over his girlfriend, who has gone away to Colorado on a college swimming scholarship after being gifted a gun that Ben taught her to shoot. When Ben asks to see the permit to hunt the endangered bighorn, Madec offers a wad of cash, which the stunned Ben begrudgingly accepts.  When Madec—with a shoot-first-and-ask-questions-later philosophy—accidentally shoots an old prospector, Ben insists that they must report it as an accident. Madec puts another bullet from Ben's gun into the corpse, and after explaining how he can now blackmail Ben with questions of who was the actual killer, offers Ben a deal: Madec will put him through college with a finance major and give him a $300,000-a-year job in return for his complicity in covering up the crime.  When Ben picks up his emergency transponder, Madec destroys it and berates Ben for breaking the deal. Madec then threatens Ben with his high-powered rifle and orders him to strip off his clothes and shoes, forcing him to wander out in the desert, 45 miles from the nearest town, to die of dehydration and exposure. Madec plans to report that Ben went mad, shot the prospector, and wandered off into the barren horizon alone. To ensure his story is not contradicted, Madec watches Ben from a distance, using the scope from his rifle. Ben hides in the dead prospector's subterranean lair, but Madec blows it up with the prospector's dynamite stash. Before it explodes, Ben escapes with a 'treasure map' belonging to Charlie, whom Ben vows will not die without justice. Ben finds enough water inside of a barrel to survive. Madec shoots the barrel.  By sunset, Ben uses the map to find a wrist-brace slingshot and some marbles amongst a buried box of Charlie's personal effects. Ben heads for a hidden grotto of water that he and his girlfriend had swum in, only to find it dried up as his sun-burnt body now freezes in the desert night. Madec keeps watch with his vehicle's high-powered floodlights. Ben eventually outsmarts Madec to overcome him with the slingshot.  Back in town, Madec escapes from police custody during a bathroom break to board a helicopter that he solicited using his one phone call. Ben goes to his girlfriend and promises not to leave her side again. An armed Madec sneaks into their house as Ben and his girlfriend sleep and confronts them, but Ben's girlfriend shoots Madec using the same gun Ben gave to her. Madec is then killed by Ben.
The film follows a documentary filmmaker and his crew as they seek to expose the lies of alien abductees and their encounter with a young woman whose dark secret leads them to uncover a disturbing truth.
An Indian girl wants the freedom to choose her own destiny and the love of her life, but her mother wants to marry her off in an arranged marriage.  The film portrays an intriguing mix of matchmakers, bhangra dancers, psychic healers, and religious fanatics, and addresses one of the most important issues in contemporary Muslim culture: women’s rights, veils and burkas.
Alex Mathis is a cash-strapped but good-natured exterminator working in Los Angeles. While helping an elderly woman with a rodent problem, he is bitten by a venomous spider and is treated at a hospital. Meanwhile, a mortician is bitten by a rodent-sized spider that crawls out of a dead body which just arrived at the hospital. Learning of this, Alex offers to take care of the spider in exchange for clearing his hospital bill. José Ramos, a hospital security guard, offers to help Alex. Going to the morgue, Alex deduces the spider escaped into an air vent. He enters the vent and communicates with José via walkie-talkie. Meanwhile, a U.S military task force led by Major Braxton Tanner and Lieutenant Karly Brant show up at the hospital to examine the dead body the spider burst out of.  Meanwhile, the spider, growing exponentially, kills a paralyzed hospital patient. Back inside the vent, Alex stumbles upon a spiderweb and learns that it is highly flammable. Alex ventures into the hospital basement, where he has a confrontation with the spider. The spider is driven off by Karly and escapes into a grate down into the sewer, where it sprays acid at and kills a homeless man. Alex, enamored with Karly, offers his assistance to Braxton, who declines, especially when Alex presses her for answers on where the spider came from. José convinces Alex to continue their pursuit as it could be the most important thing of their lives.  The duo tracks the still-growing spider at a public park, where it kills dozens of people. Alex and José get the spider to chase their truck and lure it to the military. A huge firefight ensues, but the spider escapes into the nearby woods. Karly and a group of soldiers pursue it, but the spider ambushes them, kills most of the soldiers, and captures Karly. After Alex and José demand answers, Braxton reveals that they discovered alien DNA and hoped to use it as a growth hormone. However, a spider's nest was hidden in some test fruit, thus exposing the spider to the alien DNA and triggering its rapid growth. It is also revealed that the spider will soon start reproducing based on its size and their studies of the alien DNA.  Alex and José head for the city, as the now-enormous spider sets up a nest at the U.S. Bank Tower. As they enter the skyscraper, Braxton informs them that Karly is located directly inside the nest, and warns them of an impending airstrike. They get to Karly and free her and several other trapped citizens just before the hatching baby spiders can attack. The group makes it out of the building seconds before the airstrike hits, provoking the spider. Alex deduces from the spiderwebs' flammability that the spider could be killed by shooting its spinneret. José grabs a rocket launcher from a military vehicle and tosses it to Alex, who shoots the spider in the spinneret. The spider explodes, finally killing it. Alex embraces Karly, and the two enjoy a passionate kiss.  In a mid-credits scene, Braxton calls Alex to tell him they have another problem. In the background, a giant cockroach can be seen climbing the Statue of Liberty  in a video monitor.
When Joe shows up for his bachelor party that his friends, Eric, Nick and Colin, have thrown for him, he has to tell them that his fiancé, Jess, broke up with him the night before as she's in love with someone else. They encourage him to stay and party anyway to help cheer him up. The next morning after a long night of drinking, Eric shows them that he has kidnapped the guy Jess left Joe for, "Dude". He is tied and bound to a chair in the basement of the cabin they are staying and Joe debates whether to let him go or scare him into leaving Jess.
Tess Thorne, a successful crime-mystery writer, is invited to a library in upstate Massachusetts for a meet-and-greet with fans, but is scared of flying so drives to engagements even long distances away. After the event, Ramona, the organizer, suggests a quicker route home for Tess. However, it takes her via a remote rural location where her car runs over nail-studded planks lying across the road, puncturing her tire. It happens by an abandoned gas station and, having no signal for her cell phone, Tess hopes that someone will stop to help.  A man in a pickup stops and offers to assist. At first he seems eager to help, but soon turns nasty. He hits her, then brutally rapes and beats her, before choking her into unconsciousness. He drags her into a culvert and leaves her there. When she recovers the man is gone, and she finds three female bodies in the culvert, all victims (she assumes) of the same man. Tess leaves to find help, but as she walks she worries that the attack will create a scandal – she will be attacked in the media for "asking for it" and blamed. She will be re-traumatized and her reputation will be destroyed. She comes across a convenience store and calls a limousine service for a ride home. She decides that she cannot tell anyone what happened.  When Tess is safely home, she decides to avenge herself. She receives a call from Betsy, a waitress at the Stagger Inn, telling her that her car has been parked there. The pair form a bond by both being victims of violence. Tess later realizes that Ramona is her attacker's mother and accomplice, who sought her out and invited her to the library, then led her into her son's trap. That night, she goes to Ramona's house with a gun to confront her. Ramona denies all knowledge and during a struggle Ramona wrestles the gun from Tess, then reveals that she helped orchestrate the attack and pulls the trigger, firing on an empty chamber. Tess grabs a kitchen knife and stabs Ramona before shooting her. She then spots an earring that she lost during the rape attack.  In the house, Tess finds clues that identify her attacker as Lester Norville, aka Big Driver. At a nearby gas station she sees his rig, and notes the address on the truck. On the way to the address she sees the rig parked, and stops. The green pickup that he drove to the attack pulls into the lot. Fired up, Tess runs to the truck and shoots the driver as he climbs out, but then realizes he is not Big Driver, but rather his brother Little Driver. She regrets the killing, but at the urging of "Doreen" (a character from one of her books who is part of the "Knitting Club" with whom Tess often communicates) she moves forward to "finish the job."  Tess drives on to the address which turns out to be Big Driver's home. Breaking in, she finds graphic photos of his victims and photos of the brothers together with each body. There are also photos of her being raped by Big Driver. Realizing that Little Driver is not innocent, she no longer feels guilt about shooting him. Hearing noises from an outbuilding, Tess enters to find Big Driver working at a bench; confronting him, she fires twice before the gun empties and she runs outside. He painfully follows her but she hits him on the head with a nailed plank like the one that caused the flat tire. As he is trying to escape, she calmly reloads and shoots him in the groin and watches him die. Doreen appears again and urges her to leave quickly.  An anonymous tip leads police to the bodies in the culvert, and to Big Driver's house with the incriminating photos. At home shortly afterwards, Tess receives an anonymous call from a woman she realizes is Betsy, who says, "I know what you've done. Way to go, girl!"
In 1958, Margaret Ulbrich leaves her then-husband and takes her young daughter Jane to North Beach, San Francisco, where she gets a job painting illustrations at a furniture factory. While doing portraits at an outdoor art show, she meets Walter Keane, who sells paintings of Parisian street scenes but makes his money in real estate. They soon become close friends. Margaret is distraught when her husband asks for custody of Jane as part of the divorce settlement. Walter proposes, and they marry and honeymoon in Hawaii. She retains custody of Jane.  Unable to get his or Margaret's paintings into a fine art gallery, Walter convinces Enrico Banducci, the owner of a popular jazz club, to rent him some wall space to exhibit their work. He is frustrated when the designated space is in the back by the bathrooms. He fights with Banducci and puts the man's head through one of Margaret's canvases. This becomes a front-page story in a local newspaper, which packs the club with people curious to see the art that made grown men fight. Dick Nolan, a celebrity gossip columnist, wants to know more about the artwork, but proceeds to ask about Margaret's paintings of young girls with big eyes. Walter goes along with the misunderstanding, failing to clarify that they are Margaret's creation. Afterward, he shows Margaret how much money he made selling her work and suggests they team up, with her staying at home painting and him taking credit and handling publicity and sales.  Walter opens his own gallery selling Margaret's art, and eventually hits on the idea of making cheap reproductions of Margaret's works, which sell in huge numbers. The family moves into a mansion. Walter spends his time hobnobbing with celebrities while Margaret is stuck at home, feeling increasingly isolated. He even makes Margaret lie to Jane about who is doing the paintings.  One day, she finds a crate full of paintings of Parisian street scenes, all signed "S. CENIC". She realizes that she has never actually seen Walter paint, and discovers that he has been painting over the name of the original artist and claiming these paintings as his own. When confronted, he says he always wanted to be an artist but never had the talent.  Disillusioned, Margaret indicates that she is losing her interest in continuing the ruse, so Walter threatens to have her killed. Later, he tells her of his plan to get a painting displayed at the upcoming New York World's Fair and demands Margaret paint her "masterpiece". Jane sneaks into the studio when Margaret is working on the huge painting, Tomorrow Forever, and says she already knew Margaret was really the artist.  At a party, Walter becomes angry after reading John Canaday's scathing review of Tomorrow Forever, which leads the Fair not to exhibit the painting, and confronts the critic. At home, he drunkenly blames Margaret for the failure of the painting and becomes violent. Along with her daughter, she runs and locks them both in the studio, in an attempt to stay away from harm. He then starts throwing lit matches through the studio's keyhole, at her and Jane. As he continues to throw lit matches and nearly sets the house on fire, both Margaret and Jane manage to escape, take the car, and drive away from home.  One year later, Margaret and Jane have settled in Honolulu, Hawaii. Walter says he will only grant Margaret a divorce if she signs over the rights to every painting and produces 100 more. Initially,  Margaret agrees, but her growing interest in the Jehovah's Witnesses convinces her of the importance of honesty. She finally signs a batch of paintings with her own name. Later, on a Hawaiian radio show, she reveals that she is the real artist behind the "big eyes" paintings, which makes national news. Nolan publishes Walter's claims that Margaret is delusional. On Jane's suggestion,  Margaret sues both Walter and Nolan's newspaper for slander and libel.  At the trial, the judge immediately dismisses the libel suit against the newspaper, and Walter is left to defend himself against slander. He botches his defence, even mimicking in court what he has gathered from watching Perry Mason episodes on TV.  When he proceeds to cross-examine himself as a witness, the judge becomes fed up and directs both Margaret and Walter to create a painting in court to prove who the real artist is. Whereas Margaret paints steadily, Walter stalls before claiming his arm hurts too much to hold a paintbrush. Margaret wins the lawsuit and a fan asks her to sign a copy of Walter's coffee table book.  The film ends with text stating that Walter continued to insist he was the true artist until his death, though he never painted again, and that he died in poverty. Margaret eventually moved back to San Francisco, where she opened a new gallery, and still paints every day.
Air Force One is shot down by terrorists, leaving William Alan Moore, the President of the United States, stranded in the wilderness of Finland. In the forest on a hunting mission to prove his maturity to his kinsfolk, a 13-year-old boy named Oskari plans to track down a deer, only to discover an escape pod that holds Moore. The pair must team up to escape the terrorists, who are closing in to capture their own "Big Game" prize. Pentagon officials including the Vice President, the CIA director, and a former CIA field operative Herbert, who has been brought in as a consultant, monitor the events through satellite broadcast.  Already feeling at a disadvantage as a hunter due to the reputation of his father, who had hunted and defeated a bear on his own hunt, Oskari's faith is further shattered when he follows a map his father left him, eventually finding a portable refrigeration unit with a pre-killed deer head in it. Moore boosts Oskari's confidence by reminding him of his goal. They are subsequently confronted by a corrupt United States Secret Service agent Morris, who orchestrated the attack from aboard Air Force One after sustaining a bullet-wound that left a fragment of shrapnel near his heart, and a mercenary named Hazar. Although he puts Moore into the refrigeration unit and takes him home to be killed, Oskari regains his confidence by leaping onto it before the helicopter can carry it away. Oskari drops the unit into a river.  Discovering that the river leads to the lake where Air Force One crashed, Moore and Oskari swim inside the plane to wait for rescue. Hazar attacks them, sets a time bomb, and orders to kill the President rather than torture him for later execution. Moore kills Hazar before he and Oskari escape Air Force One using the ejector seats. Oskari shoots Morris with an arrow as the former bodyguard leans out of a helicopter to kill them. The arrow fails to penetrate the protective padding on Morris's chest, but the impact still kills Morris by driving the shrapnel into his heart. As Morris plummets, Air Force One itself explodes, destroying his helicopter, and sending Moore and Oskari flying all the way back to the camp where a Navy SEAL team simultaneously arrives to search for Moore. For his actions as Oskari's 'prize', Moore assures Oskari's father, Tapio, that his son is the bravest man he has ever met. Oskari receives the Medal of Honor for saving Moore's life.  During a private discussion in the bathroom at the Pentagon between the Vice President and Herbert, it is revealed that Hazar was originally a CIA operative. Their plan would have had the President killed to inspire a new war on terror, but with his survival, Moore becomes a hero instead, and the Vice President loses his shot to become President. To ensure that nothing can be traced back to them, Herbert kills the Vice President.
Tyler Laird and his girlfriend Natalie embark on a camping trip that Tyler uses as the perfect setting for a marriage proposal. The newly engaged couple share a romantic night together and fall asleep, before being awoken by a slow, deliberate knock coming from within the woods. The knock persists, luring Tyler outside. While he is searching, Natalie is attacked in the tent and dragged into the forest by an unseen creature.  12 months later: Tyler is released from Cowlitz County Psych Ward where his mom picks him up and takes him home. She gives him all the police evidence recovered from the scene, including Tyler's camera. While reviewing pictures taken on their excursion, he spots a huge shape in the background of one of the photos. With his mother's blessing, he sets out to the forest to find answers about what took his fiancée.  He returns to the area armed with a hunting rifle and camping gear. He searches new ground and discovers signs claiming ownership by Xylon Incorporated along the perimeter saying not to enter, and also finds a massive footprint in the mud. After he stops at a creek to refill his water bottle, Tyler finds his gear is no longer where he left it. He rushes back to his truck armed only with his rifle and revolver and spends the night inside. In the early morning, his truck is attacked and a huge creature shoves a felled tree through his windows. The creature leaves when Tyler fires two shots from his revolver. Another hunter, Eli, comes to the scene attracted by the noise. He offers Tyler a spot at his camp nearby which Tyler accepts.  Eli recognizes Tyler from the news coverage of his fiancé's disappearance. Tyler asks Eli about Xylon Inc., but Eli says he's never seen any company employee on the land before. He takes Tyler to a spot in the woods where centuries before, the Chinook marked their own border along the trees with special bone symbols, indicating an area not to venture into. He tells Tyler of the Chinook legends about creatures in the area “not friendly to man” and reveals he is looking for what he calls “the Big Man”. Back at camp, they find a tree has been uprooted and the trunk shoved into Eli's fire pit.  After hearing a roar in the distance, the pair ventures past the Chinook symbols. Tyler runs in the direction of the sound and falls into a small marsh-like clearing of smashed trees and decomposing carcasses. When Eli helps him up, a boulder is thrown from the trees and breaks Eli's leg. Tyler fires off several shots and drags Eli to safety as it starts to snow. Leaving Eli with his revolver, he returns to the feeding ground to retrieve his backpack. He finds Natalie's engagement ring in the dirt while collecting his gear, when the Beast appears. He runs from the area and back to Eli. Using his gear, he splints Eli's leg and together they escape the Beast's area, emerging on the other side near a river. They make camp, surrounded by four fire pits for protection, and take watch while trying to fish with a makeshift rod.  Several days pass, and Eli suggests Tyler leave him and save himself, but Tyler refuses. Eli sneaks off on his own when Tyler is asleep, using the rifle for support. When Tyler wakes, he follows the path Eli made in the snow, coming upon the broken rifle and the Beast feeding on Eli's corpse. The Beast sees him and claws Tyler's shoulder before he is able shoot it with his revolver, causing it to run off. He returns to camp and stitches himself up, before arming himself with his revolver and several makeshift weapons and making his way back to Eli's camp.  Tyler sets a trap at the camp and uses Eli's truck's horn to lure the Beast to the campground, then engages it in a fight. He finally shoots a propane tank and throws a lit flare  into the fuel causing the tank to explode while the Beast is incapacitated next to it; the Beast runs into the forest, engulfed in flames. Later, a man driving along a mountain highway sees an exhausted Tyler emerge from the trees and collapse on the road. Tyler wakes up in a hospital where a nurse is administering to him. A man introduces himself as Jackson Wells and tells Tyler that he believes his Bigfoot claims because he too, has "seen monsters". He is not convinced Tyler killed the beast, despite the extensive injuries he inflicted, and then tells Tyler he is part of a team and that he's recruiting, then the film ends.
In small town Alaska 1988, Adam Carlson, a news reporter, recruits his ex-girlfriend Rachel – a Greenpeace volunteer – on a campaign to save a family of gray whales trapped by rapidly forming ice in the Arctic Circle. Adam names the adult whales Fred and Wilma, and the infant Bamm-Bamm.  Drawn into the collaborative rescue work are several normally hostile factions: Inupiat whale hunters, a Greenpeace environmental activist, an oil executive, ambitious news reporters, the National Guard, the American president and politicians on the state, national, and international levels. Also joining in the effort are two entrepreneurs from Minnesota, who provide de-icing machines to help keep the hole open.  Finally an enormous Soviet ice-breaker ship arrives to remove the last barrier before the whales die. The ship's first attempt leaves only a dent. The ice is finally broken and the adult whales escape the ice. The infant whale dies from injuries.  The epilogue, narrated by Nathan, reveals that McGraw used his new reputation to uphold a contract to clean up the Exxon Valdez oil spill, Karl and Dean's de-icers made them local celebrities, Scott and Kelly were married, Jill worked her way up to a national news network, Greenpeace membership became more prominent, Adam confesses his love for Rachel and she returns his affections and they share a kiss, Adam got to stay being a news anchor, and both Nathan and Malik became closer to one another, and Nathan recalls about the hole in which the whales were first found and quotes, "It kept getting bigger and bigger, until it let the whole world in."
FBI agent Malcolm Turner is elated to learn that his stepson, Trent Pierce, has been accepted to attend Duke University in Durham, North Carolina. However, Trent is uninterested and instead wants Malcolm to sign a recording contract for him since he is underage. When Malcolm refuses, Trent's best friends encourage him to ambush Malcolm on the job in order to obtain the signature.  Malcolm, in an attempt to capture Russian gang member Chirkoff, uses an informant named Canetti to deliver a flash drive to the gang, while Trent attempts to ambush Malcolm on the job. Canetti reveals that the flash drive is empty and a duplicate is hidden with a friend at the Georgia Girls School for the Arts.  During the exchange, Canetti's cover is blown and he is killed, which Trent witnesses. Malcolm eventually rescues Trent and they escape, but as Trent's car was left at the scene Malcolm knows the gang members will be able to track them down so father and son are forced to hide undercover. Malcolm once again becomes Sherry's grandmother, Big Momma, and also disguises Trent as an obese girl named "Charmaine", Big Momma's great-niece. Big Momma takes a job as a house mother at the Georgia Girls School for the Arts, while Charmaine is enrolled as a student.  Surrounded by attractive young women, Trent nearly blows his cover, but befriends a girl named Haley Robinson. The headmistress announces that a historic music box has been stolen from the library, and Malcolm deduces that this music box contains the flash drive. While scoping out the library, Big Momma encounters security guard Kurtis Kool, who attempts to woo her while giving a tour. Seeing a picture of Kurtis with Canetti, Malcolm realizes that he is the friend, and tries to find out more about the music box.  Meanwhile, the gang members approach Trent's best friends, posing as record producers, and encourage them to notify them of Trent's whereabouts. Charmaine sets up a date between Haley and himself, though she doubts she will be interested in the seemingly egotistical "Prodi-G", Trent's hip-hop alias. Trent reverts to his true self and the date goes well, but an encounter with his best friends alerts the gang members to tail them.  Trent helps Haley perfect her musical performance for the upcoming "Showcase" event, turning it into a duet. They exchange a kiss at the end of the date, while Haley encourages Trent to pursue college. Before the gang members can capture him, he changes back into his Charmaine disguise, throwing them off. Learning of an exchange between two students and Kurtis Kool, Big Momma attempts to flirt with him in order to apprehend him for stealing the music box, but the secret exchange ends up being the stolen gamecock from the Ignatius Boys School.  During this encounter, Malcolm reveals his true identity to Kurtis. After gaining the favor of several students by offering sage advice and comfort to them, Big Momma finally learns the music box was actually stolen by Haley. She did it to become a full pledged member of the "Divas", a group of top artists in the school. As she is about to perform her duet, Malcolm forces Trent to retain his Charmaine disguise, and he attempts to perform the duet with Haley as Charmaine, only to break disguise and ruin the performance. As Haley storms off, the gang members arrive and a chase ensues.  Trent accidentally draws their attention as he attempts to pursue Haley and explain himself. Just as he recovers the flash drive, the gang members catch up and hold him at gunpoint. Big Momma interferes and provides an escape, but all three are caught again and Malcolm's disguise is revealed. Just as Chirkoff is about to kill them, Kurtis arrives with a taser and saves the day.  Trent and Haley reconcile, and Malcolm signs Trent's record contract, only to have him tear it up and reveal his new plan to attend college. As the film ends, Malcolm and Trent make an agreement to keep the whole ordeal a secret from Sherry.
Sheriff Sugar Wolf (Utsler) returns to his hometown after many years to find that it has been taken over by Big Baby Chips (Bruce), a ruthless gambling tycoon who has run the downtrodden town of Mud Bug with his gang of thugs, which include Raw Stank (Jamie Madrox) and Dusty Poot (Monoxide), since killing Sugar Wolf's father, Grizzly Wolf (Ron Jeremy), and Sugar's brothers. Sugar decides to take over the position his father once held, leading Big Baby Chips to pit Sugar against a series of deadly assassins.  Sugar Wolf begins to successfully dispatch of his would-be assassins, winning the approval of the townfolk, begins a romance with Tink (Bridget Powerz), a little person, and takes on a deputy, Bucky (Mewes). After Sugar Wolf jails Raw Stank and Dusty Poot, Big Baby Chips calls in his deadliest assassin, which turns out to be Tink, who, in reality, is a bearded man in drag, Tank (Jody Sadler), who cripples Sugar Wolf's shooting hand, but Sugar kills him with dynamite. Dirty Sanchez (Mark Jury), a former rival of Big Baby Chips, whose hands had been crippled by Big Baby Chips, trains Sugar Wolf to fight with his other hand. Sugar Wolf challenges Big Baby Chips to a showdown, and guns down the gambler, who reveals himself to be Grizzly Wolf.
After their daughter Hazel turns 18, Dee's ex-husband threatens to cut off child support unless Hazel will get treatment for her crippling agoraphobia.  Forced to take a van ride to the treatment center, Hazel struggles to enter the van.  Though they have clashed over Dee's hard-living lifestyle and Hazel's neuroses, Hazel is comforted when her mother offers to come with her. To accommodate Hazel's fears, the treatment center allows her to travel in a box, where Hazel will be able to isolate herself from others and her environment.  While traveling through the desert, half-brothers Pru and Jesse attack the van to kidnap a wealthy heiress.  Pru, mentally damaged from head trauma by his abusive mother, reacts erratically and shoots Dee.  Although exasperated by the unnecessary violence, Jesse cleans up the scene of the crime by shooting everyone else but the heiress and Hazel, who remains hidden in her box.  After Pru and Jesse leave, Hazel checks the others and finds her mother wounded but still alive.  A map reveals a nearby reservation, which Hazel offers to travel to for help after applying first aid to Dee.  After Hazel leaves, Dee finds a note written by Hazel that lists all the reasons why Hazel believes her mother to hate her.  Hazel slowly makes her way through the desert, forcing herself to concentrate on simple goals, such as reaching one cactus after another.  Her pill-taking ritual is disturbed by the dusty weather, and she must abandon some of her pills when they become too dirty for her to put in her mouth.  She hallucinates the ghost of her dead sister, who she was unable to save in a drowning accident.  When Jesse learns from an inside contact that one of the patients is agoraphobic, he realizes that it could not have been Dee, whom he initially assumed was a patient.  When he and Pru return to the van, they discover Hazel's empty box, and Jesse leaves to find her.  Dee, who has located a pistol in the van, takes Pru hostage.  Meanwhile, Hazel runs into a junkie named Clete who quotes Aldous Huxley.  Hazel eventually convinces Clete to help her, but his promised motorcycle turns out to have been disassembled.  Despairing and not sure whether to further trust Clete as he begins to rant about women, Hazel pulls out pepper spray.  Clete grabs it from her and in his craze pepper sprays himself, Hazel starts walking backwards away from him, trips on a rock and bumps her head.  When Hazel wakes, she has been rescued by a kindly couple who found her just outside the reservation.  They contact the police for her and offer to take her back to her mother.  On the trip, they meet a representative of the treatment center, who says he was dispatched to locate the missing van.  He convinces Hazel to allow him to pick up her mother and bring them to the treatment center.  Despite the representative's protestations, the kindly couple follow behind him, reasoning that they can help protect her with their rifles.  All converge on Dee's location at approximately the same time, where she is still holding Pru at gunpoint.  Jesse, revealed to be the local sheriff, attempts to take control of the situation, but Dee warns the others not to trust him.  The representative attempts to parlay with Dee, but when he makes a move to attack her, the couple opens fire, killing him, Jesse, and Pru.  Hazel rescues the kidnapped heiress and tearfully reconciles with her mother.
In 1978, 40-year-old independent woman Ave Maria Mulligan owns her dead father's pharmacy in her hometown of Big Stone Gap, Virginia. Ave's mother, an immigrant from Italy, is the town seamstress. Ave is heavily involved in her community, home delivering medications to the country folk, volunteering on the coal mining town's Emergency Response Team, and directing the town's annual production of "Trail of the Lonesome Pine", based on the novel by John Fox Jr. Ave delivers medications to Nan McChesney and is pleased to see Nan's son Jack, a local coal miner and a former schoolmate.  Jack tries to make small talk, but Ave leaves when Nan tells her that 40 is not too old to still have children.  Spec Broadwater, the town's lawyer and Ave's friend, brings news that her momma has died.  At the graveside Fleeta Mullins, Ave's outspoken friend and pharmacy worker, chastises Ave for placing a rose on her father's grave, remarking how badly he had treated Ave.  Ave is shocked when her momma's will has a photo of her real father, who still lives in Italy. Her momma fled to America when she became pregnant. She met and married Fred Mulligan, who knew she was pregnant and never much liked Ave.  At the pharmacy, some popular teenage girl customers direct rude comments at Pearl Grimes, a poor teenager who is a Melungeon.  Ave embarrasses the brats then offers Pearl a job at the pharmacy.  During the cast after-party for “Lonesome Pine”, it is announced that senatorial hopeful John Warner will make a campaign stop in town with his wife, Elizabeth Taylor, and Theodore will plan the event. He's so happy he kisses Ave in front of everyone then leads her away.  They spend an awkward night together, with a stilted goodbye the next morning.  Ave helps deal with an explosion at the mine, worrying about Jack until finding him safe at the hospital. He accepts her offer of a lift home but Sweet Sue arrives and jumps into his arms, shrugging off Ave.  Ave stumbles across old love letters between her momma and her real father, causing Ave's best friend, town librarian and local romantic Iva Lou, to confront her about non-existent love life.  Meanwhile, Jack's mother confronts him about Sweet Sue, whom she dislikes. Jack admits he wants the love that his parents had, does not love Sue but does care for her two young boys.  Jack finally approaches Ave.  They take an evening walk and he tells her that he broke up with Sue, as he has always had a crush on the little Italian girl that sat beside him in elementary school. He tells her that they ought to get married. Ave storms off, offended that he doesn't even think she's worth being courted.  The day of the John Warner Campaign visit turns into chaos. Ms. Taylor chokes on a chicken bone while Ave learns that Jack got engaged to Sweet Sue. When Ave gets home from the campaign disaster, her father's sister (Aunt Alice) is waiting, calling Ave a bastard and announcing she is taking Ave to court for the house and the pharmacy.  Theodore tells Ave that he's been offered the band director's job at University of Tennessee and they should break up for multiple reasons.  Ave quietly includes the fact that he likes men, to which he agrees.  Jack's mom confronts Ave, desperate for her help because Sweet Sue is planning on marrying Jack within weeks. Ave collapses, suffering a nervous breakdown.  Ave sleeps for days. In an act of desperation, Iva Lou has Pearl confront Jack, asking him to help bring Ave out of her sleep, telling him they are meant for each other. Late that night, Jack sneaks in and checks on Ave. He takes one of Ave's father's letters, kisses her on the forehead and leaves.  When Ave finally awakes, she announces that she saw her father in her dreams and she's got to go find him. Spec advises her to take everything out of her name so no one can take it away while she's gone.  Ave surprises Pearl and her mother, Leah Grimes, by selling Pearl the pharmacy for a dollar.  Ave then gives Fleeta a huge raise, telling her how important she is to her and how important she will be in teaching Pearl to run the pharmacy.  Iva Lou announces that she is marrying her boyfriend, Lyle, and asks Ave to be her Maid of Honor. The couple are so drunk at the altar that Ave and Jack have to hold them up while the preacher quickly pronounces them married. Aunt Alice and Uncle Wayne barge into the reception, furious about the pharmacy and stating that Ave won't be giving away the family home. Ave then announces that she's giving Pearl the house too, which leads to Aunt Alice yelling racist comments about Pearl. The crowd chases Aunt Alice away, chimes in their dislike of her, many mentioning their own Melungeon blood.  Ave learns from Sweet Sue that she has reconciled with her husband during Ave's "mental collapse." Jack gives Ave a book about the town in the Italian Alps where her father lives.  Ave leaves her Cadillac in Aunt Alice's front yard, with a note and the keys.  Ave's last day in Big Stone Gap, Theodore takes her to the Outdoor Theater, where all her friends are gathered on stage.  They surprise her with her poppa from Italy and then her momma's sister, Maria. Her poppa explains that Jack found them and paid for their flights, having sold his truck. Theodore has the theater choir sing a song with Aunt Maria, while Jack's voiceover explains that he and Ave married and had two children.
Jack Kerouac, coming off the recent success of On the Road, is unable to cope with a suddenly demanding public and his rise in popularity, and begins battling with advanced alcoholism as a result. He seeks respite first in solitude in the Big Sur cabin, then in a relationship with Billie, the mistress of his long-time friend Neal Cassady. Kerouac finds respite in the Big Sur wilderness, but is driven by loneliness to return to the city, and resumes drinking heavily.  Across Kerouac's subsequent trips to Big Sur and interleaved lifestyle in San Francisco, he drunkenly embarrasses Cassady by introducing Billie to Cassady's wife Carolyn, cannot emotionally provide for the increasingly demanding Billie, and finds himself increasingly unable to integrate into suburban life. Kerouac's inner turmoil culminates in his nervous breakdown during his third journey to Big Sur.
16-year-old Monroe "Mo" Harris is escorted out of class by a police officer.  When Mo was younger, his older sister Kate dated her classmate Zeke Presanti. Even after she broke up with him, Zeke and Mo remained close friends, despite their age difference. Mo's parents, Reuben and Sherri, allow Mo to continue hanging out with Zeke despite their concern about Zeke's influence. Zeke, now 23, works a dead-end job and spends most of his time smoking marijuana and drinking.  Mo spends his free time with Zeke, his friends, and Zeke’s girlfriend Holly, rather than anyone his own age. Zeke helps Mo acquire drinks for a senior party after being invited by fellow sophomore Stacey, and gives Mo some weed to sell there. This earns Mo credibility among the seniors at the party. Seeing his classmate Sophie there, and they exchange numbers after he strikes up a conversation with her.  Mo later takes Sophie out on a dinner date for sushi before taking her back to Zeke's place to hang out. They drink, and before Sophie leaves, she and Mo kiss. This earns him the nickname "Tongue Daddy" from his friends, which Zeke tattoos onto Mo's chest. The next night Mo comes home accidentally stoned after being in a hot boxed car with Zeke, right before a family dinner. His father realizes this and sees his tattoo, resulting in Mo being grounded and forbidden from hanging out with Zeke.  Mo continues to supply drugs and alcohol at the parties. Though he has doubts about his actions and their risks, Zeke encourages him to and continues to supply him, even quitting his job due to the amount of money Mo makes off of selling.  Mo begins to ignore Sophie, per Zeke's advice on how to get girls, which makes her mad. After realizing his mistake, he tries to explain himself but she refuses to listen and walks out on him. Mo gets a call from Holly and he goes over to her place. She tells him that she and Zeke have broken up because he was cheating, and she has sex with Mo. After the break-up, Zeke spends his night getting drunk and high, and sings in a karaoke bar.  Stacey is distracted while driving with a few seniors who are smoking and drinking after a party, resulting in him driving his mom's car into a ditch. Everyone else quickly gets out and leaves instead of helping, and he abandons the car. Coming back in the morning to the ditch, he realizes that the car is gone. The same day a police officer comes to school and interrogates him, telling him he won't get in trouble if he reveals who supplied the drugs they found in the car.  When the cops show up at a party looking for Mo off of a tip from Stacey, Zeke manages to get him out of the house and brings Mo back to his place. Mo cries about how he has become a degenerate like Zeke, even though he never wanted to be. He also admits he had sex with Holly and that he wanted to tell him sooner, but Zeke forgives him and they reconcile. Zeke offers to take the fall for Mo supplying drugs at the party, but he declines his offer saying that he has done enough and he needs to handle this on his own.  The following day Mo is escorted out of class (as shown at the beginning of the movie), gets expelled from school, and is sentenced to community service. Reuben drives to Zeke's house and orders him to stay away from Mo, and briefly assaults him when Zeke refuses to comply.  Three months later, Mo stops at a fast-food restaurant after doing his regular drug test and is surprised to see Zeke working at the drive-thru window. Mo sits with Zeke inside to catch up. Zeke asks him if he wants to hang out the next day and Mo says maybe. Mo drives away, and through the rear window Zeke is seen smoking a blunt before sitting down on the curb with his head in his hands.
Kendall, James, Carlos, Logan, Gustavo, Kelly, Katie (Kendall's younger sister), and Jennifer (Kendall's and Katie's mom) are on their plane ride to London for the first stop on their world tour. At the baggage claim in the airport, MI6 Agent Simon Lane switches identical bags with Kendall, unbeknownst to the boys, to prevent henchmen from retrieving the Beetle, a powerful device capable of reversing gravity that Lane took from evil airline mogul Atticus Moon while his henchmen take him away.  Big Time Rush checks in at the Queen's Hotel and unknowingly, MI6 agents fail to take out the boys and they finally realize that Kendall has the wrong bag. At the same moment, they also realize that MI6, Swedish spies, and a mysterious woman in leather are all out to get the Beetle from them by any means necessary. The woman in leather is revealed as Penny, daughter of Agent Lane, and the band sets out with Penny in a black spy van with an AI to rescue her father, while Gustavo and Kelly worry about what the boys are up to like causing trouble while they are away from them.  Meanwhile, Gustavo and Kelly are mad at the boys for being late for their soundcheck rehearsal and end up doing their best to find them. Meanwhile, in the storyline of Katie and Mrs. Knight, they were having their pastime with the Duke Of Bath which Katie wants her mom to fall in love with over the pastime so Katie can become a princess like in her dream. While everyone's busy, (Gustavo and Kelly being tortured at the MI6 HQ and Katie and Mrs. Knight having pastime with the Duke Of Bath), the guys, including Penny, disguise themselves so they could get past Moon's crew through the park so they could carefully get to the soundcheck. They don't get to the park safely, they get into problems, like being chased by fans, being chased by a dog, and more. After the boys finish their soundcheck, they meet up with Penny backstage and rush to the field where Moon's helicopter landed.  The MI6 Agency figures out Moon's plan and tries to stop him but can't because Moon is jamming communication signals so no one gets in his way. The boys realize that Carlos' dream of becoming international super spies and singing the Beatles' is coming true so they follow Carlos' plan to stop Moon. After the boys manage to defeat Moon and save Katie, the MI6 agents arrive at the scene to give the boys a helicopter ride to Hyde Park just in time for the boys to finally start their world tour.  After they finished their first stop on their world tour concert, Gustavo finally allowed the boys to go anywhere, including visiting every single tourist spot in London that they wished to visit. When the boys realize they don't have a ride, Penny and Agent Lane come back and offer them a ride. As the boys agree to ride one more time, they ride off and disappear into the night.
A hunter tries to shoot a bear to bring home as a trophy until a large, hairy creature attacks and kills him. The creature appeared to be the legendary monster Bigfoot who then goes back to his cave to sleep. He then attacks and kills an elderly couple by turning over their RV. When Bigfoot attacks a 1980s-themed rock concert in Deadwood, South Dakota, after the noise disturbed its hibernation, the cynical event organizer Harley Henderson (Danny Bonaduce) tries to kill the giant beast and create a tourist attraction around its stuffed body.  However, his former musical partner, Simon Quinn (Barry Williams), now an environmentalist, realizes the creature is the last of its species and is determined to make sure it does not become extinct. Harley goes to great lengths to kill the creature, in order to save his concert from being canceled, but Simon thinks that the creature is just protecting its territory from trespassers. Harley assembles a team of hunters and mercenaries to track down Bigfoot. A group of men and women try to capture Bigfoot on camera, but all of them get killed.  Simon uses a hang glider to spot the creature, while Harley and his men try to kill him, however, Bigfoot kills three men in the process. Harley uses a rifle to shoot down Simon's hang glider. Army helicopters pursue the creature, leading it straight to the concert. Most of Simon's activist friends get killed by Bigfoot or the National Guard for their interference. They evacuate the town to avoid more casualties. With all his men killed,   Sheriff Alvarez (Sherilyn Fenn) and her partner Gunderson (Bruce Davison) try to call off an air strike after they spot Henderson and Quinn on Mount Rushmore trying to trap the creature. Henderson gets killed when Bigfoot kicks his patrol car into a tree, crushing Gunderson. He tells Alvarez that she is a great sheriff and that her father would be proud. Unfortunately, Bigfoot is killed in the process when attack jets fire missiles at him, destroying Mount Rushmore as well.  A year later, Mayor Tom Gillis, having survived his injuries, congratulates Henderson and Quinn for being heroes, and unveils a statue of them in their honor. Mount Rushmore is also being rebuilt as a new monument.
After the mayor of Boggy Creek is murdered by an unknown assailant, local news reporter Kendall Sharp for KRKR-8 News delivers a special report on a series of disappearances and unsolved murders. After first suggesting that Sasquatch may be responsible for the murders, Sharp suggests that local criminal Eddie Justertin, a member of a "self-styled, Dixieland mafioso family," may be the one to blame.  The following day, six young adults (Steve, Heather, Amanda, Danny, Jo, and Collyn) trespass into a closed section of a state park, where they plan to camp for the weekend. After playing volleyball and drinking some beer, the teens separate. Moments later, they are attacked by Bigfoot. Some (but not all) of the campers are killed on screen. The next day, Sheriff Jim Taylor and Deputy Walton arrive to investigate the murders. While there, an unidentified police official arrives on the crime scene and informs the sheriff that one of the victims (Steve McTee) is the son of a local oil tycoon, who is putting pressure on the department to solve the murder. The sheriff believes the teens have been attacked by a bear, but his deputy believes in Bigfoot. Through a phone call, the sheriff learns that only five bodies were found, and that one of the campers, a female, is missing.  On the other side of town, ex-deputy Mark Kline (who was fired for being an alcoholic) discovers a missing and disheveled woman named Dakota running through the woods. While rescuing her, Kline spots a Bigfoot in the woods before driving off and delivering Dakota to the local hospital. At the hospital, Sheriff Taylor interviews his drunk ex-deputy, who swears he saw a Bigfoot. In a separate interview, the local doctor (Dr. Leonard Evans) tells the sheriff that the wounds do not look like they came from a bear, but that is what he will put on the death certificate. The sheriff visits Dakota's home in an attempt to tell the girl's father Zeke that she has been located, but is met with hostility by the girl's family.  That evening, the sheriff's daughter Savannah goes to the local drive-in with her boyfriend Billy. While the two are making out in Billy's car, Bigfoot enters the drive-in and crushes Billy's head by stomping on it before dragging Savannah off into the woods.  The next day, news reporter Sharp along with her camera man (Aaron) head into the woods in search of Bigfoot. They find him, and the monster chases them through the woods. Back at the sheriff's office, sheriff Taylor, Deputy Walton, and Dakota's father Zeke form a posse to enter the woods and find the sheriff's daughter.  While fleeing from Bigfoot, reporter Sharp and cameraman Aaron stumble upon the hideout of Eddie Justertin. Eddie fires a warning shot followed by a second shot from point blank range that misses the two. The two flee the shed but cameraman Aaron is quickly killed after stepping on a landmine. Reporter Sharp fires several shots at Bigfoot with Aaron's handgun and fails to kill the beast, but then the sheriff and his posse arrive and Deputy Walton shoots Bigfoot several times with a tactical shotgun, killing it. The deputy then turns around and is impaled by a spear thrown by someone/something off screen.  Zeke performs a Bigfoot call and a second Bigfoot emerges from the woods, which Zeke promptly shoots in the head. During a long speech, Zeke explains to the sheriff and the reporter that all female Bigfoot have gone extinct, and Bigfoot must now survive by kidnapping human females and impregnating them. Back at the hospital, Dr. Evans discovers that Dakota is indeed pregnant. Later, Dakota gives birth, and asks to see her baby.  Back in the woods, the sheriff's posse discover Bigfoot's lair, where the creatures rape their human victims. There they discover the sheriff's daughter Savannah alive, and free her. While the sheriff frees his daughter, Zeke finds a Bigfoot, attacks it with a sledgehammer, cuts its head off, and carries it around. The two girls escape from the lair and are seen running through the woods, but when Zeke uses explosives to try and close up the cave, he accidentally separates the two parties.  Zeke and Sheriff Taylor emerge from another exit and enter a clearing. There, many Bigfoot (six or more) emerge from the woods and surround the two men. The men are able to shoot a couple of Bigfoot, but there are too many. Zeke produces a rocket launcher and shoots more, but more than half a dozen remain. Armed with only a machete and a sledgehammer, the two men hold their ground until more than a dozen Bigfoot pounce on them, ripping the two men to shreds.
Brothers Joe and Ben Weider were the architects of Muscle. Against all odds, they launched an empire. Along the way they discovered Arnold Schwarzenegger, inspired female empowerment, championed diversity, and started a movement that changed the world of bodybuilding in the United States.  Before Ben's Jewish funeral in 2008, Joe tells the story to a writer, and the events of his life are shown in flashbacks. Joe's mother didn't want him, and after he sneaked into the circus with Ben in 1932 Montreal, she beat him. Bullies steal the money Joe earned by his hard work as a boy, so Joe begins working out, inspired by the magazines of Bill Hauk. Joe also draws men with muscles, and he becomes a competitive weightlifter. Though his father is supportive,  his mother thinks he is wasting his life, and he leaves home with Ben.   Joe studies bodies and fitness and intends to teach people to be their best selves, and not just in competition, with his own magazine. He meets his first wife at the university library, but they break up over his obsessive behavior and her unwillingness to let him improve himself. Joe also quits a job working for an anti-Semitic restaurant owner.  During World War II, Ben enlists, but Joe is told his work to make people fit can do more good than actually serving, since the military needs men who are fit. Roy Hawkins invites Joe to New York City and says he wants Joe's magazine to be part of his company. In New Jersey, Joe builds a successful business.   Joe enters several men in the Mr. Universe contest but is told they can't compete because they are professionals. Joe threatens to have his own competition, and his men are allowed to continue. Soon, Ben is running the International Federation of Body Building and has the goal of making bodybuilding an Olympic event.  Joe and Ben move to California where there is more interest in fitness. At Jack LaLanne's gym, Joe meets the pretty Betty and they begin a relationship, eventually getting married.  Bill ridicules Joe throughout the movie, but his associate Jerry finally has had enough, and he goes to work for Joe and Ben, who start their own fitness competition called Mr. Olympia. This happens despite Hawkins' business going under, forcing the brothers to go out on their own. And Ben has to take another job at first.   As Joe looks at photos of interested men, he sees the ideal man, the man he drew as a child. His name is Arnold, and he is from Austria. No one wants to try to pronounce his last name. Joe goes to Austria and asks Arnold to come to California. People like him, and he enters the Mr. Olympia contest and wins.  Arnold Schwarzenegger becomes a major movie star, and Joe's company succeeds.  Ben is praised at the funeral.
Bikini Frankenstein opens with credits stating, "Based on the classic novel by Mary Shelley".   Dr. Victor Frankenstein is a professor of science working at an institution called State University. Professor Cullen is shown engaging in relations in his classroom with Debbie one of his science students. They are discovered by Professor Cullen's rival, rival Clive, who reports them to the Dean of the university, Professor Van Sloane, and brings Van Sloane to the classroom. Debbie is Van Sloane's daughter, and Professor Van Sloane promptly removes Dr. Frankenstein from his role at the university.  Five years later, Dr. Frankenstein is shown having moved back home to Transylvania, to continue working on his research with his assistant, Ingrid. After sleeping with her, he succeeds in bringing the body of Eve, a deceased woman, back to life using energy from a lightning storm. After Eve is brought back to life, she kisses Ingrid and the two become physical with each other in Dr. Frankenstein's laboratory.  Dr. Frankenstein, Eve, and his assistant Ingrid all travel back to America, where Dr. Frankenstein impresses Van Sloane, Dr. Waldman, Dr. Frankenstein's rival Clive, and Claudia, Clive's wife. Dr. Frankenstein originally presents Eve as a sister of Ingrid, in order to for them to become familiar with Eve prior to revealing her true nature as a revived corpse. Dr. Frankenstein leaves for his hotel room to retrieve an object, leaving Eve and Ingrid at Clive's residence. Clive asks Claudia to follow Frankenstein and find out what he is up to, leaving Eve alone with Clive. Clive gives Eve a tour of his residence, and the two fornicate in his office. Claudia meets Dr. Frankenstein at his hotel room and they engage in relations in his room.  Once the group reconvenes their meeting with Eve at Clive's residence, Dr. Frankenstein is met initially with skepticism after revealing the true nature of Eve to the group of assembled onlookers. He provides the death certificate for Eve as a way to verify his scientific claims. Ingrid and Claudia escort Eve to a private room to prepare her for a physical examination. Following an erotic ceremony involving all three women, Eve explodes due to an overdose of excitation. Dr. Frankenstein is undeterred, and proclaims to the group that he will labor further on his experiment at a later date with another deceased body.
Dr. Bikini Jones, an archaeologist, steals the Golden Idol which happens to be the key to a mysterious place called the Temple of Eros. Legend has it that anyone who discovers the Tiara of Ayesha in that temple becomes the supreme ruler of the country Moronica. Jones must prevail against her adversary, Evilla Cruella, to get to the tiara.
Led by their fellow preppie friend Joe Hunt, a group of wealthy young men in 1980s Los Angeles come up with a plan to get rich quick with a Ponzi scheme. The plan ends badly for all involved when Hunt and friend Tim Pittman end up murdering investor and con man Ron Levin.
Troublemaker Billy Forsetti falls for the beautiful Jennifer. But when a carjacking takes a turn for the worse, Billy finds himself in for trouble.
Billy Lynn, a 19-year-old US Army specialist from Texas, is caught on camera dragging wounded Sergeant Virgil "Shroom" Breem to safety during an intense firefight in Iraq on October 23, 2004. This act of courage earns Lynn the Silver Star and quickly ascends him and his unit, erroneously designated "Bravo Squad" by the media, to celebrity status. They return to the U.S. for Shroom's funeral, then are sent on a publicity tour culminating at the halftime show of the November 25 Dallas Cowboys Thanksgiving home game.  Now led by Sgt. David Dime, the members of Bravo Squad are driven in a limousine to the stadium with the Cowboys' PR representative Josh and film producer Albert Brown, who is in the process of securing a film deal for the squad. A flashback reveals that Billy joined the army after destroying the car of his older sister Kathryn's boyfriend, who left her after she was in a car accident that required multiple facial reconstruction procedures. At the stadium, the group is greeted by anxious fans who express gratitude for their actions in the Iraq War. During a press conference, Billy spots a Cowboys Cheerleader, Faison, smiling at him. They strike up a conversation and begin a flirtation. Billy tells her how it feels weird to be honored for the worst day of his life.  As the game starts, Billy recalls his time in Iraq, where Shroom had offered him karmic philosophical insight and advice during their downtime. It is revealed that once the game ends, Bravo Squad will have to return to duty. Billy receives a phone call from a psychiatrist to whom Kathryn had spoken, regarding a plan to get Billy honorably discharged so he doesn't have to return to Iraq, thereby sparing him further suffering.  During the halftime show, featuring Destiny's Child, the loud music and pyrotechnics traumatize an already unstable squad member, Sykes, and he reacts violently against stage manager and a security guard. Billy experiences a flashback to the battle that made them famous. The squad was called in to rescue soldiers pinned down by insurgents at a school. Shroom is shot while advancing from cover, and Billy rushes to save him, firing on the nearby insurgents with his sidearm. Billy drags Shroom into a trench, but an insurgent attacks Billy at close range. Billy kills him in self-defense, but is traumatized by the incident and, upon returning to help, discovers Shroom has bled to death. Billy's flashback ends when troop members get his attention and point out that the halftime show has been over for a few minutes. Billy had been frozen in place all the while. As they are urged to leave by stage hands and security, the soldiers are diverted from a fight by cheerleaders led by Faison. Billy takes her name and number on his cell phone, learning that her last name is Zorn, meaning 'anger'.  Billy and Dime meet with the owner of the Cowboys, Norm Oglesby, who is considering investing in Albert's movie about the incident in Iraq. However, instead of the $100,000 that Albert was hoping to get for each squad member, Oglesby offers them only $5,500 apiece. Dime angrily rebuffs Oglesby's offer. In private, Oglesby tells Billy that the squad's story is no longer theirs, but instead belongs to the American people. Billy tells Oglesby off, joining Dime. Albert promises Billy that he will find investors one way or another, and that their story deserves to be told "the right way."  As the squad leaves, Billy meets up with Faison briefly before leaving. He says he would run away with her, even though he has to go back. In a clumsy deflection, she reinforces his duty to redeploy, and he accepts with understanding. They share a kiss. As Billy meets back up with his squad, they are attacked by the security guards from earlier, briefly triggering Billy's PTSD, which fills his mind with surreal imagery of war and death. The altercation is halted with a warning gunshot. Kathryn arrives to retrieve Billy and effect his medical discharge. He makes it clear he is redeploying with his squad, more for his sense of belonging than for duty. She is upset, but after Billy explains, they share a tearful hug.  Billy returns to the limo, but hallucinates and sees a Humvee. He gets in, sees Shroom's familiar icon of Ganesha and has a philosophical conversation with Shroom. Billy tells Shroom "I love you," then returns to the reality of the Bravo Squad members in the limo, each of whom responds with "I love you."
On a normal day at a private high school, three teenagers, Andrew Edwards, John Woo, and Luke Locktin find themselves suspended from school after graffitiing a bathroom stall, in response to The Catcher in the Rye being banned at the school, a book which Andrew favors. After being suspended for the rest of the week, Andrew calls up Luke and John and tells them of his plan to hit up the city, living a life similar to that of Holden Caulfield from The Catcher in the Rye. Throughout the course of the week many events occur, such as John ending up drunkingly having sex with a homeless woman after finding out that his teacher, whom he was infatuated with, was a lesbian. Andrew hires a prostitute, Caramel, (played by Adelaide Lummis) who has pretend sex with Luke as he gets nervous, but they later have consensual sex later.  After deciding to get rid of the homeless woman (who was living with the three in their motel room), they take her to the woods behind their school, where the school security guard, Charlie, who had been tailing them all week, approaches them and shoots the homeless woman to death while startled. John then chases after Charlie, proceeds to beat him up, then tases him into submission (and possibly death). The three boys have a funeral three weeks later, where Luke reveals his sexual luck, and Andrew reveals he had to perform fellatio for crack he couldn't pay for. After singing a nearly accurate version of "Amazing Grace", Andrew and Luke leave John by himself, before he wanders off and the credits roll.
In a post-apocalyptic world, Malorie Hayes informs two young children that they will go down a river in a rowboat. She sternly instructs them not to remove their blindfolds, or they will die.  Five years earlier, a pregnant Malorie is visited by her sister, Jessica. A news broadcast reports unexplained mass suicides spreading across Europe and Asia. After a prenatal checkup, Malorie witnesses a woman smashing her head repeatedly into the hospital window. Others start acting suicidal as well, causing panic and chaos. Afterward, Malorie hurries to leave the scene with Jessica. While steering away from the hospital, Jessica sees something inexplicable that drives her insane and she deliberately crashes her car. She then walks in front of a speeding truck and is killed.  As Malorie flees on foot, a woman invites her into a house for safety. The woman then sees the entity before going into a trance and sitting inside a burning car. A passerby, Tom, picks up Malorie from the street into the house, where six other people – Douglas, Greg, Cheryl, Felix, Charlie, and Lucy – are taking shelter. Charlie says that humanity has been judged, and the appearance of demonic entities is a sign of the end times. He also mentions that those spiritual beings have different names in various cultures, such as Aka Manah, Surgat, Huli Jing, and Púca. Those in the house cover all the windows and blindfold themselves whenever they go out. As a new pregnant survivor, Olympia, arrives, Greg commits suicide after volunteering to test if it is safe to observe them indirectly through surveillance cameras.  Half of the group goes to the grocery store Charlie worked at to restock their dwindling food. They drive there in a car with covered windows using GPS navigation system. Malorie gets three pet birds along with their supplies. She notices the entities' presence agitates the birds. Later, Charlie's coworker attacks the group, attempting to force them to look at the creatures. However, Charlie sacrifices himself to save the others. They make it back to the house. Sometime after, Felix and Lucy steal the car and drive away.  Olympia lets a stranger named Gary into the house against Douglas's wishes. Gary explains he escaped from a group of unblindfolded survivors who have gone insane from seeing the entities and try to force others to look at them as well. Douglas tries to force Gary to leave, but Cheryl knocks Douglas out, and the others lock him in the garage. As Olympia and Malorie go into labor simultaneously, Gary works on drawings of the entities, revealing he has seen them too and gone insane. He knocks Tom unconscious and opens the garage door, exposing Douglas to the entities. Gary goes upstairs and rips all the windows' blinds. Olympia fails to look away, and after witnessing the creature, she dives out the window, killing herself. Malorie hides with both newborn babies under a cover while Gary forces Cheryl to look at the entities, causing her to stab herself in the neck with a pair of scissors. Douglas escapes the garage and blindly attempts to kill Gary with a shotgun, wounding him in the process, but Gary kills him with the scissors. Tom begins to recuperate shortly after, fighting Gary over the gun. After Malorie hears a few gunshots, Tom approaches her to say everything is fine.  Five years later, Tom and Malorie live together with the children, called "Boy" and "Girl". They receive transmissions from survivors informing them of a safe community hidden in the forest, accessible only by boat along the river. As they leave their house, a group of unblindfolded survivors attacks them. Tom distracts the assailants so Malorie and the children can flee. He uncovers his eyes and sees the entities, but manages to eliminate all the attackers before killing himself.  Malorie and the children go blindfolded down the river on a boat, carrying the birds to warn them of the entities. They encounter several obstacles, including an unblindfolded survivor and river rapids. Soon after the three reach shore, they are separated when Malorie accidentally slides down a hill. The entities nearly trick the kids into taking off their blindfolds. Malorie regains consciousness and tells the children that she loves them and where to find her. They eventually reach the community, a former school for the blind. Malorie releases the birds and finally gives the children names, Tom and Olympia, admitting that she is their mother. She is also happy when she sees her obstetrician, Dr. Lapham, is one of the survivors.
Four years after the events of the first film, Rod and Nathalie meet with the former's friend, an independent filmmaker Bill in order to fund his next movie Sunset Dreams. Bill meets waitress and aspiring actress Gloria and proposes that she auditions for the lead role in his film. He also watches the news reporting the mysterious deaths of multiple birds as well as blood rain. Eventually Gloria and Bill become romantically involved and Gloria gets the role she auditioned for. The group hangs out more often, during which they go to a museum with Tony, the boy Rod and Nathalie rescued and adopted, where it's revealed that his sister Susan passed away after eating the contaminated fish that Rod cooked. They meet Dr. Jones from the previous film, who states that prehistoric birds were known to attack early humans, and that many got stuck in the tar pit neighboring the museum.  The group vacations to a beach where a woman mysteriously gets attacked by a "giant jumbo jellyfish". They manage to save the woman and vacation to a resort where they see Nathalie's mother, and Bill and Gloria spend the night romantically. The next day however blood rain appears and resurrects countless birds from the tar pit as well as two cavemen. The group is attacked during filming but manages to escape along with a few crew members including screenwriter Will and actress Jessica. After a brief reunion with the tree hugger they escape to a theater but leave upon seeing birds. They head to a cemmentary where they're attacked by zombies that kill Jessica. They also encounter and fight the two cavemen and settle at a hotel, where the birds attack again, killing Will. The birds then mysteriously leave a second time.
Rod is a young software salesman living a successful life in Silicon Valley. He meets up with old classmate and aspiring fashion model Nathalie and begins dating her. Things go well for the couple, with Rod receiving a large bonus that he uses to start his own business, while Nathalie is chosen as a Victoria's Secret model. As they grow closer, the couple remains oblivious to signs of something going wrong around them, such as unexplained wildfires and the carcasses of diseased birds turning up on beaches.  After having a romantic time and kissing in a motel, Rod and Nathalie wake up to find that their town is under attack from eagles and vultures. The birds spit acid and explode into flames upon striking the ground (having become mutated and toxic due to global warming).Birdemic DVD Commentary Rod and Nathalie escape from the motel by joining up with an ex-Marine named Ramsey and his girlfriend Becky. As they leave town, they rescue two young children, Susan and Tony, whose parents have been killed by the birds.  The group proceeds to drive from one town to the next, fending off more bird attacks along the way and briefly meeting a scientist named Dr. Jones studying the phenomenon. Becky is killed by the birds. Ramsey tries to save a busload of tourists. As they leave the bus, Ramsey and the tourists are killed by acid that is dropped by the birds. Nathalie stops Rod from attempting to rescue Ramsey because she fears the birds will kill him, too.  Rod, Nathalie, and the kids continue to flee from the birds, driving into a forest where they briefly meet a "tree hugger" named Tom Hill, who talks to them about the dangers of global warming. After escaping a forest fire, the quartet ultimately settles on a small beach, where Rod fishes for dinner. As they prepare to eat, they are attacked by the birds, but then doves appear and all the birds leave in peace. The film ends as Rod, Nathalie and the kids watch the birds fly off into the horizon.
Riggan Thomson is a faded actor famous for playing a superhero named Birdman in a film trilogy from 1989 to 1992. He is tormented by the mocking and critical internal voice of his past self as Birdman and frequently visualizes himself performing feats of levitation and telekinesis. Riggan is trying to regain recognition by writing, directing, and starring in a Broadway adaptation of Raymond Carver's short story "What We Talk About When We Talk About Love". However, the Birdman voice wants Riggan to return to blockbuster cinema and insists that he is essential to Riggan's identity.  Riggan's best friend and lawyer Jake is producing the play, which co-stars Riggan's girlfriend Laura and Broadway newcomer Lesley. Riggan's daughter Sam, a recovering drug addict with whom he is trying to reconnect, works as his assistant. The day before the first preview, a light fixture falls onto Riggan's hapless co-star Ralph. At Lesley's suggestion, Riggan replaces Ralph with her boyfriend, the brilliant but volatile and self-absorbed method actor Mike Shiner.  The first previews are disastrous: Mike breaks character over replacing his gin with water, attempts to rape Lesley during a sex scene, and complains that the prop gun does not look natural. Riggan clashes continually with Mike, culminating in a brawl after Riggan reads a New York Times interview with Mike in which he steals Riggan's personal reason for doing a Raymond Carver play. Jake persuades Riggan to continue with the play. When Riggan berates Sam after finding her smoking marijuana, she insultingly rebukes and chastises him, telling him that he is irrelevant and the play is for his own vanity.  During the final preview, after seeing Mike and Sam kissing backstage, Riggan accidentally locks himself outside with his robe stuck in the fire escape door. He is forced to walk through Times Square in his briefs and enter through the audience to do the final scene. A concerned Sam is waiting in his dressing room after the show, and she thinks the performance was very unusual but interesting. She shows him that the Times Square footage is going viral and explains how this actually helps him.  Riggan goes to a bar for a drink and approaches Tabitha Dickinson, a cynical and highly influential theater critic. She promises to "kill" his play with a deprecating review without seeing it. On the way back, Riggan buys a pint of whiskey, drinks it, and passes out on a stoop. The next day, walking to the theater with a severe hangover, he visualizes Birdman trying to convince him to abandon the play and make a fourth Birdman film. Riggan then imagines himself flying through the streets of Manhattan before arriving at the theater.  On opening night, the play goes very well. In his dressing room, a strangely calm Riggan confesses to his ex-wife, Sylvia, that several years ago, he attempted to drown himself in the ocean after she caught him having an affair. He also tells her about the Birdman voice, which she ignores. After Sylvia leaves, Riggan picks up a real gun for the final scene in which his character commits suicide. At the climax, Riggan shoots himself in the head on stage. The play receives a standing ovation.  Riggan wakes up in a hospital—the suicide attempt merely blew off his nose, which has been surgically reconstructed. Tabitha has published a glowing review of the play, mistaking the suicide attempt for a new acting technique. Sam visits with flowers and takes a picture of him to share with the skyrocketing number of followers on the Twitter account she has created for him.  While she steps outside to find a vase, Riggan goes into the bathroom, removes the bandages revealing his swollen new nose, and says goodbye to Birdman, seen seated on the toilet. Fascinated by the birds flying outside his room, he opens the window, peers up at them, and then climbs out onto the ledge. Sam returns to an empty room and frantically runs to the open window, scanning the ground before slowly looking up into the sky and smiling at what she sees.
In 1964, a young Bruce Lee owns and operates a San Francisco Kung Fu Academy, specializing in the Chinese martial art Wing Chun. Lee provides advice, roles as extras, and defends them from Chinatown gangs. One student, Steve McKee, spars with Lee while fighting in anger, causing Lee to counter and embarrass him. McKee and Vinnie Wei work for Wei's mother's laundry business, where they learn Wong Jack-man is observing the American kung fu scene. While carrying out a delivery to the China Gate restaurant, McKee falls for an employee, Xiulan, who is forbidden to communicate with outsiders. McKee sneaks into the restaurant to gives Xiulan an English grammar book so that she can develop her language skills, as well as teach her roommates basic English.  McKee acquaints himself with Wong, who is working as a dishwasher. Lee worries about Wong's presence, thinking he would be punished for teaching whites kung fu and asks McKee to set up a meeting. At the Long Beach International Karate Championships, Lee performs a karate exhibition against his kung fu and debuts his famous one-inch punch. Among those in attendance, Lee points out Wong in the audience. Wong commends Lee's skill and technique but notices that Lee is his own limitation. Lee challenges him to a fight as Wong leaves in peace. McKee learns that Wong is in America to perform penance working as a dishwasher because of a near-fatal kick, the Mon Shan. Realizing that teaching McKee would help liberate himself, Wong takes McKee as his student. Meeting up with Lee, who tells him that he would begin filming The Green Hornet, McKee reveals his intention to end his time at Lee's academy. The relationship between McKee and Wong captures the attention of Auntie Blossom, a gangster who owns the China Gate. She says that if McKee gets both martial artists to fight, she will release Xiulan. Wong appears at Lee's academy and accepts his challenge. Despite Auntie Blossom's conditions, Xiulan refuses to leave without her roommates, who are all under the control of Wing Lo. Lee reluctantly agrees to fight under Wong's conditions: only 12 witnesses at an empty warehouse, and the winner is revealed in the newspaper the next day.  Auntie Blossom, McKee, and a few other spectators bear witness to the private match. Lee's aggressive style of Wing Chun gains him the upper hand, drawing first blood. Wong's traditional style of Shaolin is fluid, countering Lee, enraging him. They engage until reaching the top of an unfinished staircase, which Wong uses to show Lee the limitation of his style. Wong leaps down to the floor with grace, and Lee follows suit as a symbol of exceeding his own limits. They continue to fight until Wong is knocked down and attempts the Mon Shan, which Lee prepares to parry. They stop and show their mutual respect with a bow, ending the fight. With no winner formally announced and $15 million ($ million today) in bets still in the balance, Auntie Blossom keeps the girls until one concedes.  Lee contemplates his style, knowing he could have been killed during the fight. McKee demands Wong declare himself the victor to Auntie Blossom; however, Wong says he won the fight by virtue of showing Lee a new path after exceeding his limitation. Wei notifies Lee that McKee has grown desperate to release Xiulan from captivity and has been beaten by gangsters. Lee teams up with Wong to help their mutual student. Lee, Wong, and McKee confront Auntie Blossom and her boss, Wing Lo. Wong concedes, declaring Lee to be the winner. However, Lee only accepts on the condition that Lo frees all captive girls in Chinatown. Lo's nephew attempts to shoot Lee with a shotgun, but Lee swiftly performs the Mon Shan, knocking him out. While visiting McKee at the hospital, Lee reveals his desire to develop a new, more fluid and expressive style. McKee and Xiulan bid farewell to Wong before boarding his ship back to China. Wong firmly believes that Lee is the right person to show kung fu to the world.  In a closing disclaimer, Lee had altered his fighting style. In July 1969, he introduced Jeet Kune Do, the forerunner of mixed martial arts.
In 1977, Ben and Catherine, two respected scientists leave their jobs to conduct an experiment into human identity. They aim to raise three children contrarily to their genetic predispositions, to prove the ultimate power of nurture over nature.  The parents get funding from Gertz to be able to carry out their experiment. The children are homeschooled to maximize control of the study. Samsonov, hired by Gertz, is a former Olympic athlete and trained psychologist, who helps to care for the kids and regularly keeps a log to report back to him.  Luke is their birth child, and raised to be artistic. He is encouraged to respond artistically to situations and emotions. Maya, adopted from people with a low level of studies, is raised to have a very high academic level. She's given a special diet for intellectual growth. Maurice comes from angry, aggressive people, and is raised to be a pacifist. He meditates daily.  Every six months, Gertz comes to visit and test. At the 12 year mark, he comes with a warning to get much better results soon or he'll pull the plug.  After a psychologist friend of takes the kids on a day trip, deeming them normal, the kids start planning an escape by car. Then Gertz returns to pressure more, causing Ben to use an extreme method to teach Maya, which snowballs into a huge argument with Catherine, in turn the kids try to run off in the car. They cause a huge pile up on the highway, prompting social services to take them.  Gertz threatens them, insisting that they either pay him over a million for breach of contract or sign a release for him to write about the experiment. Once the book is released, the kids are shocked and humiliated, and their parents try to break them out of the school. When they are unsuccessful, they go to Gertz's and Ben hits him in the face with a shovel. Ben is jailed but released a short time later, thanks to Mrs. Tridek, and not long after they are invited to a video montage by Luke, showing all is forgiven.  In the closing, we find out Luke has become a film director, Maya has chosen to explore the world and become an activist for the Animal Liberation Front and Maurice is a lawyer for the Women's Wrestling Federation. Their parents are not together but amicable, enjoying their seven grandchildren.
A vampire woman takes her human boyfriend to her home, explaining to him how vampires operate. Planning to start a new life with him, the vampire woman turns her boyfriend into a vampire as well. However, they are attacked by the woman's all-female coven, led by their matriarch, Duke. Duke kills the man in front of his lover, stating her decree they won't have men in their ranks, before locking the woman away as punishment.  Eighteen year old trans woman Laurel (Nicole Maines), moves to Los Angeles after graduating high school, looking to make a fresh start after transitioning. She moves in with her brother, Mark (James Paxton), whom she hasn't been close to in years. On her first night in the city, Laurel and Mark go for a night on the town, where Laurel ends up attending a club run by Duke. There Laurel meets a young music video director, Izzy (Zolee Griggs), a member of Duke's vampire posse, and Duke herself, who form a fixation on Laurel. Izzy invites Laurel to a party, where they are being followed by an older man, while Duke lures two men to feed off of, revealing one to be a rapist she's hunting.  During her stay, Izzy, bites and turns Laurel, while Duke reveals to Laurel what they are. Duke tosses Laurel off their club's roof with the offer of being part of her coven; Laurel survives, but is in a haze the next morning, and unable to consume regular food, to Mark's concern. Duke and her gang later arrive at Laurel and Mark's house, taking Laurel to explain themselves. Duke explains how she uses her gang to punish the deserving and empower women with turning men being forbidden. Duke tries to get Laurel to embrace the change and kill one of many vampire hunters after her group, but a terrified Laurel flees. The group is attacked by the rest of the hunters, their leader killing the others according to his "master's" wishes, demanding said master's release. Laurel, overhearing the attack, kills the lead hunter, saving the group and embracing her change.  Afterwards, Laurel learns of Duke's past; as a young woman, Duke was a runaway decades ago, becoming a prostitute and party girl; Duke would end up meeting Vlad, a vampire master and playboy, who took over Duke's mind, turning her into one of his many vampire sex slaves for decades. Duke gained her control back when Vlad was attacked by his enemies, seemingly destroying him, but Vlad was still alive through his still beating, indestructible heart. It is through this heart, Vlad not only controls vampire hunters to try to free him, but Duke feeds off the heart to gain some of Vlad's power. The experience taught Duke that men could not be trusted with the power Vlad had.  After Duke woos her, Laurel ends up joining the coven. After seeing the extermination of the remaining vampire hunters, Laurel gets swept into the vampires lifestyle and becomes an item with Izzy. Despite this, Laurel does find her morals conflicting with Duke's; it is at this time, Laurel learns of one of Vlad's loyal brides, who is imprisoned beneath the club (said bride was the woman Duke locked up in the film's opening). Laurel finds herself becoming increasingly conflicted about being a vampire, especially as she becomes distant from Mark and her family. This has also led to Laurel's refusal to feed. Laurel and Duke start to become hostile, when Duke kills a woman that Laurel refuses to.  When Laurel returns home, she learns a friend of hers attempted suicide, and gets into an argument with Mark about how she has been neglecting her friends and family, and the effect it has on them. An emotionally devastated and blood starved Laurel attacks and bites Mark, causing him to slowly turn into a vampire. Terrified, Laurel goes to Duke's group for help, where Duke plans to kill Mark in accordance with her rules. Backed into a corner, Laurel frees Vlad's bride to distract Duke; in turn, the bride frees Vlad himself, who immediately drains her.  Vlad takes control of the girls, and reveals that Duke has been using his power to manipulate the girls into taking more ruthless actions, and berates Duke for being ungrateful towards him. Vlad intends to regain his former power after killing Duke, but Laurel stands up to Vlad, setting him on fire. Laurel then leads the other girls into destroying Vlad's body.  Duke tries to take Vlad's heart, but Laurel snatches it away. Deciding that Duke has become what she preached against, the other girls turn against her for Laurel, locking Duke in her own prison for the time being. With Laurel taking control of the coven, she conscripts Mark into the life of a vampire and apologizes for her toxic behavior and neglect. Laurel decides to share the power Duke wouldn't, leading the vampires in feeding on Vlad's heart, beginning a more fair leadership.
Jill Hart, a stay-at-home mom in the L.A. suburbs, is at breaking point from stress, and from the lengthy work absence of her philandering husband Bill. Alone, she toys with and fails to commit suicide by hanging herself with a dog leash. Her state worsens, in parallel with being troubled by a mysterious dog that visits their garden much of the time, watching the house. Jill suffers a mental breakdown, and vanishes, leaving Bill torn between work and care of their four children.  Initially fearing she has left or been abducted or harmed, the children find her faeces smeared clothing and phone in the house after school, and later locate Jill in the basement where she has snapped and reverted to behaving like a dog. She snarls and barks at the family as they peer downstairs.  Out of his depth and trying to maintain the appearance of normality, Bill seeks refuge in focusing on his work needs and minimising his engagement with his wife's condition.  He is pressured by Jill's sister Beth to stop shirking and contact the family doctor, but focuses on his work stresses and on keeping the matter secret. He blames his wife for the change to their situation and for selfishly (as he sees it) placing extra work on him to support the family, and blames the doctor for suggesting she needs to be taken into psychiatric hospital care. He begins secretly drinking vodka from the bottle, flushes his wedding ring down the shower drain, neglects work and is fired, and his behaviour disconcerts and pushes away the children. Jill remains in the basement, her behaviour remains feral and aggressive in both bark and snarl. However, gradually Bill and Beth begin to open up to each other and he begins to work with her and support the children as a family, for the good of all. He buys dog toys for Jill, then gently suggests the children stop offering the toys to her, when their attempts to engage increase Jill's stress.  The co-worker whom Bill had been having an affair with, visits Bills house. He sends her away but Beth is furious believing he invited her, and Jill, agitated, escapes, although they find her unharmed by the roadside. Later Beth reveals her family is filing legal papers for custody of her sister, and leaves. At an initial medical meeting, Bill believes the concern is his conduct rather than Jill's best interests, and begins to understand how selfish he had been to her, during their marriage. He sadly accepts medical help and Jill is sedated and removed to a hospital. Living with the children, he does chores, and cleans the basement. His wedding ring is found by a plumber, and he puts it back on. The family move house. His development as a caring parent continues and is reciprocated by the children. The relationship with Beth is healed.  Jill comes home for the first time, the children staying with Beth. She still behaves like a dog but is much calmer. He takes Jill on all fours to the local dog park to meet other dogs, and plays on all fours himself to encourage her to play. Later that night, his attempt to help her by offering a shower triggers an aggressive relapse, and then results in Jill traumatically remembering herself. He holds her and talks reassuringly as she uncontrollably sobs. The next morning, in bed, she tentatively gives Bill her first real smile.
The film follows Declan as he returns to his hometown of San Francisco for Christmas only to realize that his second oldest brother, Troy, has been ruling the house with fear, physically abusing his wife, Shelly, and emotionally abusing his mother Prisa and daughter Mina. When eldest brother Moe arrives to complete the Christmas reunion, the festivities begin as the extended family shows up and the big Filipino Christmas can begin. But when cousin Tiva offers domestic violence support to the withdrawn Shelly, abusive Troy finds out and assaults Shelly for Declan and Moe to find when they get home. The next day, Declan and Moe are disturbed to discover that everyone in the house (Prisa, Shelly, Mina and Troy) all act as if nothing happened, even as Shelly nurses a bruised face. This leads Declan to propose a radical idea to the family: to kill Troy.
In 1972, Ron Stallworth is hired as the first black officer in the Colorado Springs Police Department. Assigned to work in the records room, he tires of being bullied and applies to be an undercover officer. He is assigned to infiltrate a local rally where national civil rights leader Kwame Ture (a.k.a. Stokely Carmichael) is speaking. At the rally, Stallworth meets Patrice Dumas, president of the Black Student Union at Colorado College. While taking Ture to his hotel, Patrice is stopped by patrolman Andy Landers, a racist officer in Stallworth's precinct, who threatens Ture and gropes Patrice.  Following the rally, Stallworth is reassigned to the intelligence division. After reading about a local division of the Ku Klux Klan in the newspaper, he calls posing as white. He speaks with Walter Breachway, the president of the Colorado Springs chapter, but soon realizes that not only did he use his real name, but he must also meet the Klan members. Stallworth recruits his Jewish coworker, Flip Zimmerman, to impersonate him and meet the KKK members while he continues posing as white on the phone. Under Stallworth's identity, Zimmerman meets Breachway, the slightly more reckless and unstable Felix Kendrickson (and later his wife Connie), and Ivanhoe, who cryptically refers to an upcoming terrorist attack.  Calling Ku Klux Klan headquarters in Louisiana to expedite his membership, Stallworth begins regular phone conversations with Grand Wizard David Duke. Kendrickson suspects Zimmerman of being Jewish and tries to force him to take a polygraph test at gunpoint, but Stallworth, overhearing everything on the wire Zimmerman is wearing, breaks the Kendricksons' kitchen window as a distraction. Stallworth begins dating Patrice without telling her that he is a police officer. After passing information to the Army CID about active-duty members, he learns from an FBI agent that two members are personnel stationed at NORAD, a critical, high-security defense facility.  Duke visits Colorado Springs for Stallworth's induction into the Klan. Over the real Stallworth's protests, the detective is assigned to a protection detail for Duke. Once Zimmerman, masquerading as Stallworth, is initiated, Connie Kendrickson leaves the ceremony to place an explosive device at a local civil rights rally. The real Stallworth realizes her intentions and alerts local police officers. When Connie notices a heavy police presence at the rally, she puts Felix's backup plan into action and plants the device at Dumas's house, leaving it under her car when it will not fit into the mailbox. Stallworth tackles her as she tries to flee, but uniformed officers detain and beat him despite his protests that he is working undercover. thumb|right|upright=0.9|Scenes from The Birth of a Nation (1915) are used in the film  The bombmaker, Walker, had recognized Zimmerman from a prior arrest and informed Felix at the Klan reception.  He, Felix, and Ivanhoe drive to Dumas's house and park next to her car without realizing that the device is hidden underneath. When they detonate it, the explosion kills all three. Zimmerman arrives, frees Stallworth, and arrests Connie.   While Stallworth is celebrating the closed case that night with Patrice, Landers arrives and harasses the two, remorselessly admitting to his assault on Patrice. Stallworth reveals he is wearing a wire, and Police Chief Bridges arrives and arrests Landers for police brutality.  Bridges congratulates the team for their success but orders them to end their investigation and destroy the records. Stallworth receives a call from Duke, and he insultingly tells Duke he is black before hanging up.   Later while Dumas and Stallworth discuss their future, they are interrupted by a knock on the door. Through the window in the hallway, they see a flaming cross on a hillside surrounded by KKK members.   The film cuts to footage of the 2017 Unite the Right rally, the hit and run attack that killed and injured protesters, part of a speech by David Duke, and comments by President Donald Trump. It ends with a dedication to Heather Heyer (who was killed in the attack) and lastly, shows an upside-down American flag fading to a black-and-white American flag, before fading to black.
On the outskirts of a mountain town grappling with a series of abductions and murders, Paul, a reclusive writer, struggles to start what he hopes will be a career-saving screenplay. After a tense encounter with a drifter named Jack, Paul offers Jack a place to stay. Soon, the edgy, demanding Jack muscles his way into Paul's work. As a storm cuts off power to the isolated cabin, the two men begin a jagged game that will bring at least one tale to an end.
While walking home, Hawthorne College student Lindsay is killed by a masked individual. Riley Stone, a member of the Mu Kappa Epsilon sorority, struggles with PTSD after being raped by Delta Kappa Omicron fraternity president Brian Huntley. Meanwhile, her sorority sister Kris has angered the DKO fraternity and Professor Gelson following a petition from her requesting that university founder Calvin Hawthorne's bust be moved from the main building and another requesting Gelson be fired due to his refusal to teach books written by women.  Riley and Kris, along with their friends Marty, Jesse, and Helena, arrive at the DKO fraternity for the talent show where Riley discovers new pledges for DKO engaging in a ritual around Hawthorne's bust. She saves a drunken Helena from being sexually assaulted by a DKO member and takes Helena's place in the talent show. Upon seeing Brian in the crowd, she performs a song with her sorority sisters condemning the rape culture at the fraternity. Later, Helena is abducted by Lindsay's attacker while Riley begins to bond with Landon, a kind-hearted frat boy. The girls start to receive threatening text messages from an account posing as Calvin Hawthorne, similar to what Lindsey had received before she was murdered. The next day, sorority sister Fran is attacked and killed by the masked assailant. While searching for Helena, Riley encounters Gelson and finds his list of the MKE girls. She reports the disappearances to campus police, but they refuse to help.  That night, Riley and Kris argue over Kris's posting of the performance in which Riley reveals at the end that Brian raped her. As Riley blames Kris for the threatening messages from DKO, Marty argues with her boyfriend Nate and demands that he leave. After Jesse is killed by the assailant, the girls are also attacked, leaving Marty injured. Kris discovers Jesse's body while Nate arrives to apologize and is also murdered. Riley kills the assailant, but the girls are attacked by two other individuals. Marty dies while Riley and Kris kill the attacker and identify him as a DKO pledge she saw at the ritual earlier.  The two escape in Nate's car and Riley theorizes that Hawthorne, who was known for practicing black magic, is responsible for the murders via his bust which emits black liquid. Kris suggests they go to the police, but Riley demands they go to the fraternity and the two separate. Riley enlists Landon to help her enter the fraternity. Kris discovers Lindsey's sorority sisters also being attacked by DKO and rescues them. At the DKO house, the frat brothers force Landon to become a pledge. Riley discovers Helena, who is tied up, before being knocked unconscious by a DKO member.  She wakes up tied up while confronted by Gelson, Brian, and other DKO members. Gelson reveals that after Kris forced the bust's relocation, they discovered Hawthorne's plan, involving a spell and the black liquid, to control women. The liquid allows the spirit of Hawthorne to possess the fraternity's pledges and send them out to murder women they deem unruly. Helena has been secretly working with the fraternity and stole items from her sisters that allowed the possessed pledges to locate their targets. Helena is murdered before Kris and other sorority sisters attack the fraternity. Riley overpowers Brian and smashes the Hawthorne bust. Kris sets Gelson on fire and the women and Landon escape, locking the frat brothers inside and leaving them to burn to death.
In 1975, James "Whitey" Bulger, leader of the Winter Hill Gang, controls most organized crime within South Boston, along with his right-hand man Stephen Flemmi, newcomer Kevin Weeks, and callous hitman Johnny Martorano. Bulger lives with his longtime girlfriend, Lindsey Cyr, and their young son, Douglas.  Bulger's supremacy is challenged by the North End-based Angiulo Brothers, a rival gang that is part of the New England Mafia family. FBI agent John Connolly returns to the area, having grown up in South Boston as a friend of Whitey and his brother, Massachusetts Senate President William "Billy" Bulger.  After the Angiulo Brothers send a motorcycle-riding assassin who murders a Winter Hill soldier, Whitey becomes an informant for Connolly. Connolly believes he can infiltrate the Angiulo Brothers' organization with Whitey's help. Although Whitey hates the idea of being a rat, he understands what the protection doing so would afford him, his gang, and his family. Douglas suffers from Reye syndrome, leading the devastated Lindsey to remove him from life support over Whitey's furious objections.  Although Connolly is supported by his co-worker John Morris, their boss, Charles McGuire, is suspicious. Whitey increasingly exploits his status as an informant, using Connolly's "protection" as a cover for his crimes. When Connolly demands information on the Angiulos' racketeering locations, Whitey gets pictures of the rival gang's hideouts, allowing the FBI to plant wiretaps. The FBI arrests the Angiulos, thus eliminating the remaining opposition to Whitey's power. Blinded by his past, Connolly grows closer to Whitey and the gang and even invites them to his house for a cookout. His wife, Marianne, sees negative changes in her husband as his agent-informant relationship with Whitey grows, including accepting expensive gifts and money from the gang.  An associate, Brian Halloran, fears for his own life and goes to the FBI to report Whitey's involvement, much to Connolly's displeasure. Connolly then tells Whitey of Halloran's accusation, resulting in the murders of Halloran and an unnamed accomplice. Following his mother's death, Whitey's behavior becomes increasingly violent and unpredictable, deteriorating his informant relationship.  When "bulldog" prosecutor Fred Wyshak is appointed the new assistant U.S. Attorney in Boston, Connolly attempts to make friends and perhaps divert his attention from Whitey. Still, Wyshak bluntly refuses and demands the FBI arrest him. John McIntyre, an informant within the Winter Hill Gang, informs on an attempt by Whitey to smuggle weapons for the IRA. The shipment is seized, and Whitey kills McIntyre after Connolly tips him off.  Wyshak and McGuire investigate Connolly's management of Whitey's informant role and realize that most of the "tips" were obtained from other informants. Morris, disillusioned and fearing prosecution, divulges Connolly's and Whitey's relationship to The Boston Globe, and a front-page story exposes the FBI's links to organized crime. As Connolly, Flemmi, Weeks, and Martorano are arrested, Whitey gives Billy a final goodbye from a gas station pay phone before leaving Boston.  A textual epilogue reveals Weeks received a five-year sentence, Martorano a twelve-year sentence, and Flemmi a life sentence, while Morris received immunity for his cooperation; Billy became Chancellor of the University of Massachusetts but resigned following the discovery that he was in touch with Whitey; Connolly was convicted of second-degree murder and received a forty-year sentence, and Whitey, after an anonymous tip led to his arrest on June 22, 2011, in Santa Monica, California, received two consecutive life sentences with an added five years.
After his mother, Naima, is evicted from their Baltimore apartment, teenage Langston is sent to spend the holidays with his estranged grandparents in New York City. He talks to a man called Isaiah on the bus.("Sometimes I Feel Like a Motherless Child") When Langston arrives in the city, he just misses his grandparents and, shortly after, is robbed of his possessions. Entering a hotel to get directions to his grandparents' place, Langston is accused of trying to take a wallet and is quickly taken in by the police.  While in the holding cell, he meets a man who makes fun of him for stealing wallets. Shortly after, Langston is reunited with his grandfather, the Reverend Cobbs, who takes him to his home. On the way, they meet a pregnant lady called Maria.  Langston is taken aback by the comfortable home his grandparents live in and by the fact that they know nothing about him and his mother Naima. In an attempt to bond with Langston, the Reverend shows him a pocket watch with a personalized inscription from Martin Luther King Jr. Langston pockets the watch. Maria & Jo-Jo come carol singing ("Silent Night") and Langston is told they are homeless.  In the morning, Langston tries to pawn the watch. However, the pawnshop owner is a friend of his grandfather and refuses to buy it, telling Langston to treasure the pocket watch and return it to his grandfather. Outside the pawnbroker's shop, Langston meets the man he met in the holding cell. The man is passing out flyers for the pawnbroker and offers to procure for him whatever he wants. Langston tries to talk to his grandmother, Aretha, about why his mother left. She denies that he was the cause of the rift but says that his father was the reason behind their estrangement. Before leaving for church, Langston finds the man from the jail cell, the same man from the corner of the pawnshop, and asks him for a gun. The man then tells Langston to meet him at the same spot later at night.  Despite his reluctance to attend church, Aretha and the Reverend pressure him to attend church as they are performing Langston Hughes' play Black Nativity. Langston sees the man from the pawnshop & Maria and the young man from an earlier scene. While there, Langston falls asleep and dreams that he is a part of the nativity ("Sweet Little Jesus Boy"), with Maria, a young pregnant woman he met earlier, playing the part of the virgin Mary. Waking up, Langston leaves the church to meet with the man he met in the jail cell. The man shows him the gun he wanted and Langston takes it from him and then tries to hold him up, asking him to give him a ring he spotted earlier in the display case and all the cash in the pawnbroker's cash register. Instead, the man quotes A Dream Deferred to him and reveals that he is Langston's father, Tyson. A passing police officer spots the two and enters, but Langston's father convinces him that they were only having an argument and Langston was only trying to convince him to go to church with him. The police officer then drives them to the church where they meet Naima.  Inside the church with his father and mother, Langston asks his grandfather what happened between his parents. The Reverend confesses that he gave Tyson five thousand dollars to leave Naima and Langston, hoping that Naima would return to her parents. Instead, Naima found out what her father had done and left with Langston, cutting off both Tyson and her parents. Naima tries to leave with Langston, but he urges her to forgive her parents. She does, and the entire family is reunited at last. ("As")
Thousands of years ago, five African tribes war over a meteorite containing the metal vibranium. One warrior ingests a "heart-shaped herb" affected by the metal and gains superhuman abilities, becoming the first "Black Panther". He unites all but the Jabari Tribe to form the nation of Wakanda. Over centuries, the Wakandans use vibranium to develop advanced technologies and isolate themselves from the world by posing as an underdeveloped country. In 1992, Wakanda king T'Chaka visits his brother N'Jobu, who is working undercover in Oakland, California. T'Chaka accuses N'Jobu of assisting black-market arms dealer Ulysses Klaue with stealing vibranium from Wakanda. N'Jobu's partner reveals he is Zuri, another undercover Wakandan, and confirms T'Chaka's suspicions.  In the present day, following T'Chaka's death, his son T'Challa returns to Wakanda to assume the throne. He and Okoye, leader of the Dora Milaje, extract T'Challa's ex-lover Nakia from an undercover assignment so she can attend his coronation ceremony with his mother Ramonda and younger sister Shuri. At the ceremony, the Jabari Tribe's leader M'Baku challenges T'Challa for the crown in ritual combat. T'Challa defeats M'Baku and persuades him to yield rather than die.  When Klaue and his accomplice Erik Stevens steal a Wakandan artifact from a London museum, T'Challa's friend and Okoye's husband W'Kabi urges him to bring Klaue back alive. T'Challa, Okoye, and Nakia travel to Busan, South Korea, where Klaue plans to sell the artifact to CIA agent Everett K. Ross. A firefight erupts, and Klaue attempts to flee but is caught by T'Challa, who reluctantly releases him to Ross's custody. Klaue tells Ross that Wakanda's international image is a front for a technologically advanced civilization. Erik attacks and extracts Klaue as Ross is gravely injured protecting Nakia. Rather than pursue Klaue, T'Challa takes Ross to Wakanda, where their technology can save him.  While Shuri heals Ross, T'Challa confronts Zuri about N'Jobu, as Erik was wearing a necklace that belonged to him. Zuri explains that N'Jobu had grown disillusioned with Wakanda's isolationism and planned to share Wakanda's technology with people of African descent around the world to help them conquer their oppressors with the help of Klaue. Before T'Chaka could arrest N'Jobu, the latter attacked Zuri and forced T'Chaka to kill him. T'Chaka ordered Zuri to lie that N'Jobu had disappeared and left behind N'Jobu's American son N'Jadaka to maintain the lie. This boy grew up to be Erik, a black ops U.S. Navy SEAL who adopted the nickname "Killmonger". Meanwhile, Killmonger kills Klaue and takes his body to Wakanda. He is brought before the tribal elders, revealing his identity to be N'Jadaka and stating his claim to the throne. Killmonger challenges T'Challa to ritual combat, where he kills Zuri, badly injures T'Challa, and hurls him over a waterfall. Killmonger ingests the heart-shaped herb and orders the rest incinerated, but Nakia extracts one of them. Killmonger, supported by W'Kabi and his army, prepares to distribute shipments of Wakandan weapons to operatives around the world.  Nakia, Shuri, Ramonda, and Ross flee to the Jabari Tribe for aid. They find a comatose T'Challa, rescued by the Jabari as repayment for sparing M'Baku's life. Healed by Nakia's herb, T'Challa returns to fight Killmonger, who also dons a nanotech suit similar to T'Challa's. W'Kabi and his army fight Shuri, Nakia, and the Dora Milaje, while Ross remotely pilots a jet and shoots down the planes carrying vibranium weapons before they can leave Wakanda. M'Baku and the Jabari arrive to reinforce T'Challa. Confronted by Okoye, W'Kabi and his army stand down. Fighting in Wakanda's vibranium mine, T'Challa disrupts Killmonger's suit and stabs him. Killmonger refuses to be healed, choosing to die a free man rather than be incarcerated; T'Challa shows him the Wakanda sunset and Killmonger dies peacefully.  T'Challa establishes an outreach center at the building where N'Jobu died, to be run by Nakia and Shuri. In a mid-credits scene, T'Challa appears before the United Nations to reveal Wakanda's true nature to the world. In a post-credits scene, Shuri helps Bucky Barnes with his rehabilitation.
Sarah invites her childhood friends, Louise and Abby to a remote island that they once spent time at in their youth, in hopes of bringing their distant group back together. Though Abby and Lou are reluctant, they go with Sarah to the island.  While there, they use a hand-drawn map to try to find a time capsule they had buried as kids. They give up after Abby picks a fight with Louise over Lou having slept with her boyfriend years ago, something Abby has never gotten over and which ruined their friendship.  On their first night while camping on the beach, they run into Henry, Derek and Alex, three veteran soldiers who are hunting on the island. Louise recognizes Henry as the younger brother of a former classmate and Abby invites the three to camp with them. While drunk, Abby flirts with Henry and eventually draws him into the woods to make out. When she tries to stop, Henry becomes aggressive and tries to rape her. Abby hits him in the head with a large rock.  Hearing Abby's screams, the rest of the group come running and find Henry dead. Abby tries to explain what happened but the men don't believe her and become enraged that she's murdered their best friend. Derek and Alex knock the three women unconscious. When they wake, they are tied together by the wrists on the beach. Derek, the more aggressive of the two men, is adamant about killing them, but Alex tries to stop him. Abby goads Derek into letting her go so they can fight hand-to-hand. When he does, Louise tackles him as Sarah throws sand at Alex's face to prevent him from attacking. The three women then separately escape and hide, and the two men vow to kill them.  After hiding separately, they meet up at a childhood fort and decide to wait until nightfall before trying to reach their boat. Upon doing so, they discover the two men have cut the rope that tied the boat to the shore, sending it floating out to sea. Abby and Lou both believe they could swim it but Sarah believes it's too far and that they'd die from hypothermia before reaching it. As they crawl towards the shore, Sarah loudly protests the plan and runs back towards the tree line where she is shot in the head by the men. Lou and Abby try to swim for the boat but cannot make it, instead heading back to another part of the shore. Alex falls down a hill while chasing them and breaks his leg. Louise and Abby return to the fort, take their wet clothes off and bury them to fake their deaths. They then find the time capsule and retrieve a Swiss army knife from inside which they use to sharpen sticks into weapons. As they do, they talk about the past and reconcile.  Next morning, the two search the island and find the hunters camping on the beach, with an injured Alex sleeping nearby. Abby crawls over to Alex, prepared to slit his throat. However, she accidentally wakes him, and he cries out for Derek. Lou runs at Derek, distracting him and Abby wrestles with Alex, eventually shooting him with his own shotgun. Derek chases Lou and Abby finally cornering them in an open field. He fires his gun, but realizes he has run out of bullets. He draws his hunting knife and the two women attack him from opposite directions. They fight, with a wounded Lou eventually slitting Derek's throat with his knife.  The movie ends with the two women taking the men's boat and driving it away from the island. Approaching a dock, they see some men who are preparing their boats. The men look at the boat and then at the women with concern and fear as they see them bloody and bruised.
Robinson, a veteran captain of underwater salvage who is recently divorced and estranged from his young son, is made redundant by his firm Agora along with his friends Kurston and Blackie. A depressed Kurston informs them that he has come into possession of information that Agora had found the wreck of a Type VIICBased on Robinson studying plans for the U-651 to prepare for the expedition U-boat from World War II that sank off the coast of Georgia carrying a cargo of gold worth millions, but were unable to salvage it due to territorial disputes following the Russo-Georgian War.  Robinson and Blackie meet with a mysterious man named Lewis, who agrees to fund their expedition to recover the gold in exchange for a substantial share of the profits and orders his executive Daniels to accompany the expedition. Robinson encounters a young man, Tobin, who claims to be a friend of Kurston and informs Robinson of Kurston's suicide. Robinson decides to take Tobin along on the expedition. A half-British, half-Russian crew is assembled with each man promised an equal share of the spoils. They travel to the Port of Sevastopol in Crimea and acquire an antiquated . The Russians view the young Tobin as a bad omen, mistakenly assuming he is a virgin when he is in fact an expecting father.  With only Blackie speaking both Russian and English, communication difficulties lead to mounting tensions that culminate in a fight in which Fraser stabs Blackie in the chest. In the chaos, a fire breaks out, causing an explosion that cripples the sub, killing Blackie and Gittens, a British crew member, and knocking Robinson unconscious. He awakens 18 hours later to find the Russians have taken over half of the boat, with the British in the other half. The damaged vessel lies on the sea floor and its drive shaft is unusable, but sonar scans indicate they are close to the old U-boat and may be able to salvage and appropriate its drive shaft, as the Soviet submarine was based on the U-boat design. Robinson discovers another Russian crewman, Morozov, speaks English.  Fraser, Peters, and Tobin traverse the sea bed and to their delight discover the wreck of the U-boat. They recover the drive shaft and the gold but Peters is killed when he falls down a trench and his air hose is accidentally severed. The crew complete repairs and the sub resumes its journey. Before they surface, Daniels admits to Robinson that the men are heading into a trap; their previous employer Agora deliberately leaked the details of the U-boat's location to them via Kurston, who is in fact alive, in the hope that they would salvage the gold, leaving Agora to claim it after the men are captured by the waiting Russian Navy. Robinson decides to remain submerged and travel to Samsun in Turkey, necessitating a risky journey through a narrow trench to avoid their pursuers. Daniels, desperate for rescue, persuades Fraser to murder Zaytsev, the engine mechanic, thus forcing Robinson's hand since there are no longer enough men to safely operate the sub. A second explosion sends the sub back to the seafloor and pierces the hull.  Fraser and the rest of the remaining crew try to repair the leaks but their efforts are futile. Before they can escape, a panicked Daniels locks a bulkhead, leaving three men to drown, but traps himself in the next compartment with his snagged clothing. Morozov closes the final bulkhead, leaving Daniels to drown and protecting Robinson, Tobin, and himself in the torpedo section where Robinson has hidden three escape suits. Robinson evacuates Tobin and Morozov and explains to Tobin that he will follow in the third suit using an emergency lever. Both men surface, whereupon Morozov informs the young Tobin that there was no emergency lever and that Robinson had chosen to sacrifice himself. Soon afterwards, the third suit appears, containing some of the gold and a picture of Robinson's family.
Nina Sayers, a young dancer with the company of New York City Ballet, lives with her overprotective mother, Erica, herself a former ballerina. The company is opening the season with Tchaikovsky's Swan Lake. After forcing prima ballerina Elizabeth "Beth" MacIntyre into retirement, artistic director Thomas Leroy announces he is looking for a new dancer for the dual roles of the innocent, fragile White Swan Odette and the sensual, dark Black Swan Odile. Nina auditions for the roles and gives a flawless dance as Odette, but fails to embody Odile.  The next day, Nina asks Thomas to reconsider but when he forcibly kisses her, she bites him and runs out of his office. Later that day, Nina sees the cast list and learns to her surprise she has received the lead role. At a gala celebrating the new season, an intoxicated Beth accuses Nina of providing sexual favors to Thomas in return for a promotion. The next day, Nina hears Beth was hit by a car; Thomas believes she was attempting suicide. Nina visits an unconscious Beth in the hospital and is distraught to see her critically injured legs, meaning Beth will no longer be able to perform as a dancer.  During rehearsals, Thomas tells Nina to observe a newcomer, Lily, who has a physical resemblance to Nina but also an uninhibited quality Nina lacks. Nina has hallucinations and finds scratch marks on her back. One night, despite Erica's objection, Nina accepts Lily's invitation to go out for drinks. Lily offers Nina an ecstasy capsule, saying it would help her relax. Nina turns it down at first but then accepts. She repeats Lily's assurance that the effects will only last for a few hours, and quickly begins to act under the ecstasy's influence. Nina flirts with men at the bar and Lily as well. After the two dance at a nightclub, they go back to the apartment. Lily seduces Nina, and they have sex. The next morning, she wakes up and realizes that she is late for the dress rehearsal.  Arriving at Lincoln Center, Nina sees Lily dancing as Odile and confronts her about their night together. Lily seems confused by Nina's insinuation that they slept together and denies going home with Nina, saying she went home with one of the men from the bar. Nina becomes convinced Lily intends to take her place, especially after learning that Thomas has made Lily her alternate. Nina's hallucinations grow stronger and her injuries increase, going as far as hallucinating herself transforming into Odile. On opening night, Nina berates her mother for calling the theatre and telling them she was not well enough to perform, worried that the role might be too much for her. When Nina arrives late, Lily is prepared to replace her, but Nina convinces Thomas to allow her to take back her role.  Towards the end of the ballet's second act, Nina is distracted by another hallucination and loses her stability as Odette. This causes the male dancer playing the prince to drop her on stage, which infuriates Thomas. She returns to her dressing room and finds Lily preparing as Odile. During a confrontation, Lily transforms into Nina. The two fight, breaking a mirror. Nina stabs her doppelgänger with a large shard of glass from the mirror, killing her. The body reverts to Lily. Nina hides the corpse in the bathroom and takes the stage, dancing flawlessly as Odile and seemingly turns into a black swan, her arms covered in feathers. Amidst a standing ovation from the audience, Nina surprises Thomas with a passionate kiss and returns to her dressing room.  As Nina resumes the Odette tutu and white swan makeup, she hears a knock at her door. She opens it to find Lily alive, who apologizes for the misunderstanding and congratulates Nina before taking her leave. Confused, Nina sees the mirror is still broken, and the towel she used to mop up the blood is clean with no corpse in the bathroom. She looks down and pulls a piece of glass from her abdomen, realizing she had stabbed herself instead. Nina dances the final act of the ballet, which ends with Odette throwing herself off a cliff and Nina landing on a mattress. The theatre erupts in thunderous applause while Thomas, Lily, and the others gather to congratulate Nina, who remains lying on the mattress. Thomas sees the blood spreading at her waist and shouts for help. He frantically asks Nina what happened to her, to which she calmly replies: "I felt it. It was perfect" as the screen fades to white.
Scott Wheeler (Jean-Claude Van Damme), a deep cover operative awakens along with another prisoner, Marco (Dolph Lundgren), to find himself imprisoned in a CIA Blacksite on board a retrofitted nuclear submarine. Enlisting the help of a rookie agent and another prisoner, he must race against the clock to escape and discover who set him up.  He goes through his recent memories. Wheeler is a CIA agent looking for a leak in the CIA along with his partner Melissa Ballard (Courtney B Turk) by using a USB drive that needs two components to activate. Melissa carries the drive, while Wheeler carries the activation key. He woke up the next day being shot and while trying to escape, Melissa is killed. Wheeler manages to escape. He goes to meet his handler, but finds his handler killed. Wheeler is captured and drugged by Agent Ferris (Patrick Kilpatrick), who believes Wheeler is responsible for the deaths of his fellow agents. Agent Rhodes (Al Sapienza) believes Wheeler is innocent. They take Wheeler to the submarine for interrogation, where they meet the crew. The crew is split between those who operate the submarine, led by Captain Darrow (John Posey); the security crew, led by Kingsley (Aleksander Vayshelboym) and CIA agents Cassie Taylor (Jasmine Waltz) and Ellis Ryan (Aaron O'Connell). Wheeler then wakes up.  Wheeler is interrogated by Agent Preston and his helper and believes he was set up. Agent Rhodes interrogates Wheeler about the location of the activation key. Wheeler realizes Rhodes is a traitor and Rhodes kills the rest of the CIA crew with his henchman (Tom Glynn) and forces the rest of the submarine's security crew to follow his orders. Wheeler manages to escape, but is captured by Cassie and Ellis. They plan on going to the control room to contact someone topside, not knowing the submarine would have to rise to the surface or float the buoy. When they reach the control room, they are ambushed and manage to escape, but Ellis is killed in the gunfire.  Wheeler and Taylor force the crew to make the submarine go topside by increasing the pressure of a pipe. While making their way through, Taylor is shot, but survives. Taylor learns that Rhodes recruited Wheeler into the CIA and he wants to sell the drive, which contains an algorithm on how to activate sleeper agents. They get help by freeing Marco, who is German Special Forces and is imprisoned in the submarine because he also knows what is going on, and thus cannot be killed. Rhodes directs his helper to go to 'Plan B' whilst convincing the submarine crew to stay at their current depth by telling them Wheeler is a traitor. He allied himself with Kingsley and the rest of security. Captain Darrow is still ordered to go topside and meet an extraction team in Cuba.  Wheeler, Taylor and Marco ambush Kingsley and his crew, killing all but Kingsley. Wheeler and Taylor track Rhodes, who takes Captain Darrow captive. Taylor is taken captive by Rhodes' helper. It is revealed that Agent Ballard is in league with Rhodes, having faked her death. Ballard wants to take Wheeler with them to recover the activation key, as she, Rhodes and his helper are set to make millions. Wheeler turns on the phone and speaker in the submarine so that the extraction team are aware of what is going on. A gunfight ensues. Rhodes' helper and the submarine crew kill each other. Ballard shoots Wheeler and escapes instead of killing Taylor, and Wheeler kills Rhodes.  Wheeler and Taylor are vindicated by the CIA. They are told the CIA cannot open a case file because the submarine is a black site and cannot admit their guilt as that would show their incompetence. The CIA is currently looking for Ballard and direct Wheeler and Taylor to partner up and search for Rhodes' buyer. It is revealed Marco escaped the submarine and left Kingsley alive, naked and tied up with scarves. For helping Marco escape, Marco tracks Ballard and kills her, letting Wheeler know they are now even.
Every ten years for the last forty years, a woman's body is discovered in the woods outside of Black Water, drained of blood and bearing mysterious bite marks. Raymond Banks (Bill Oberst Jr.) has been convicted of the crime, but Black Water resident Danielle (Danielle Lozeau) doesn't believe that he's the murderer. Hoping to prove his innocence and thus get Raymond off of death row, Danielle convinces her friends Andrea (Andrea Monier) and Rob (Robin Steffen) to venture out into the woods to search for evidence. They hire Anthony (Anthony Fanelli) to film their search, which quickly turns bizarre when they begin to hear stories about supernatural creatures, as well as being creeped out by the strange townspeople. Despite Rob's misgivings, the group begins a three-day hike to see where one of the bodies was discovered, only to get lost in the process.  On their third day of hiking, they finally find the location where the fourth and last body was found, but suddenly realize that they have lost Rob. After searching for him for several hours, the three are forced to give up and set up camp. During the night, they hear noises outside the tent. When they go to investigate, they are attacked by a nosferatu-esque vampire creature. The creature drags off Danielle. Andrea wants to save her, but Anthony insists they try and escape. In the morning, Anthony and Andrea come across Danielle, naked and visibly traumatized. Danielle claims that there is something inside her, and this is proven true when she is revealed to be impregnated with something.  After trying and failing to convince Andrea to abandon the deteriorating Danielle, Anthony becomes exasperated and ditches the girls, only to be attacked and killed by the vampire seconds later. Several hours later, Danielle and Andrea find the camera on the ground. They quickly become surrounded by several motionless townspeople holding guns. The two girls get split up and Andrea hides in Raymond Banks' house. However, the vampire finds her in the house and she runs back outside. Andrea reunites with Danielle, but their joy is momentary, as seconds later the vampire appears and rips out Andrea's throat while Danielle flees in terror. She is then accosted by the townspeople who hold her down while whatever is in her stomach begins to burst out.  The final scene is of the townspeople attending a party for a baby's first birthday party. The person filming pans the camera across Danielle's lifeless face before landing on the baby in its crib, which is revealed to be an infant vampire. After this shot, the film ends.
U.S. Army veteran Alicia West returns to her hometown of New Orleans, where she joins the city's police department and is partnered with the easygoing Kevin Jennings. Their beat includes the deprived slum neighborhood where West grew up, and during one patrol she meets an old friend, Milo "Mouse" Jackson, who now works as a convenience store clerk. However, he acts as if he doesn't know her, as the community is deeply distrustful of the police.  In order for Jennings to get home to date-night with his wife, West takes his place in a double shift with another patrolman, Deacon "Deek" Brown. During their shift he gets a call on his personal phone and drives to a derelict power station, ostensibly to meet an informant named Zero; when they arrive, he orders West to wait in the car while he heads in alone. Soon afterward, West hears gunfire coming from the building and rushes in to help, wearing a bulletproof vest fitted with a body camera, only to stumble upon Brown and two narcotics detectives, Terry Malone and Smitty, executing three unarmed drug pushers in cold blood after a botched drug deal. Malone attempts to explain away the incriminating situation, but Smitty panics upon seeing West's bodycam and shoots her. She is protected by her vest but stumbles backward onto a weak section of flooring and falls several stories.  Despite being badly injured in the fall, West manages to escape, with Malone, Smitty and Brown in pursuit. She flags down a passing squad car and asks for help from the two patrolmen inside, but quickly realizes that they are also part of Malone's network of corrupt cops, forcing her to flee again. She eventually finds sanctuary in the store where Mouse works, though he is at first reluctant to help and considers turning her over to her pursuers. Unsure who in the police department she can trust, West calls the off-duty Jennings and asks him to give her a lift to a police station so that she can upload her bodycam footage to the police mainframe and thereby get incontrovertible evidence against Malone and his cohorts on the record. However, during the drive Jennings inadvertently reveals that he already knew Malone was crooked, and West, realizing that he intends to set her up, slugs him, run over her pursuers with his pick up truck,and leaves him handcuffed to the steering wheel.  Malone frames West for the shootings at the power station; drug kingpin Darius Tureau, whose nephew Zero was one of the victims, puts out a hit on West. Hunted by both the police and Darius' gang, West is again forced to seek shelter from Mouse, this time at his apartment. He takes her in, but his neighbor tips off the gangsters, who try to kill her. She manages to escape, but Mouse is captured. Unwilling to leave Mouse to his fate, West surrenders to Darius, explaining that she has proof of her innocence in the form of her bodycam footage. Darius has his computer expert hack the bodycam and learns the truth.   Before Darius can act on this revelation, however, the police raid the apartment block. In the confusion of the raid Smitty kills Brown (in revenge for an earlier spat over who was to blame for the fiasco at the power station) and is then killed himself by West, while Malone kills Darius and most of his gang and begins searching the block for West. Knowing that she cannot escape, West gives the bodycam and her jacket to Mouse, who with this disguise is able to slip through the police cordon, steal Malone's car, and race to the police station, where he uploads the bodycam footage to the mainframe.  Back at the apartment block, Malone manages to corner West, leading to a hand-to-hand struggle which eventually takes them out onto the courtyard in front of a crowd of local residents. West manages to get hold of Malone's gun but is forced to drop it when armed police arrive to break up the fight. However, at that moment the precinct captain, having seen the vital bodycam footage, radios the SWAT team and orders them to stand down. Malone tries to kill West with his gun, but he is shot and incapacitated by Jennings, West's repentant partner.  The wounded Malone is arrested and charged for the murders of the three drug dealers, while West's name is cleared, earning her the respect both of her fellow police officers and of her old neighborhood. Sometime later, she visits her mother's grave with Mouse. Mouse tells her he owes her his life and kisses her on the forehead in thanks, and the two leave together.
Lily and Paul invite their three-generation family to their rural lakeside home over a weekend. Anna and her partner Chris arrive late, and it soon becomes apparent that she is estranged.  Trying to connect with her sister, Jennifer helps Anna in her room, asking her why she hasn't responded to various family events. Chris has to be introduced around as everyone doesn't know her. Jennifer asks Anna about dancing, which she has quit, she then lists all the other pursuits she's quit like acupuncture, quilting and yoga which their parents have paid for. Anna also is critical of Jennifer's husband Michael, and likewise Jennifer disapproves of Anna bringing her on and off again Chris and of Lily's long-time friend Liz's presence.  Everyone is there to say goodbye to Lily, who suffers from an incurable disease, and with the help of her husband Paul has chosen to pursue euthanasia when the weekend is over. In the meantime, they do crossword puzzles, play charades, etc.  The next morning, the grandson Jon asks his grandfather how they will euthanise Lily. As euthanasia is illegal in the state, although in reality Paul is going to give her the lethal dose, he's going to tell them on the 911 emergency phone line that she must have taken it while he was on a walk. Although Jon sees her as still okay, Paul explains that Lily is very likely go downhill fast, so she must do it while her arm still works.  At breakfast, although it is summer, Lily suggests they do an early Christmas, assigning different people tasks. First, they all go for a walk, and she shows them where Jennifer was conceived, hence why she and Paul ended up buying the land and building the house there. When Anna asks, her conception story is ordinary.  As her end approaches, their mother's decision becomes more and more difficult to handle for her daughters Jennifer and Anna. Anna tells Chris she is going to call 911 to prevent the procedure, who isn't too supportive of this. In the kitchen, as they're preparing the meal, Jen finds the pentobarbital.  As Jon hangs the ornaments for Lily, he asks for life advice, which she attests elders are no wiser. When she presses for him to tell her his hidden desire, he admits he'd like to become an actor.  Over dinner, Lily gives each of them a piece of jewelry important to her, as well as a novelty tie for Michael and a dildo for Jen. Jon's parents show how controlling they are of him, disapproving when he says he wants to be an actor, he is offered wine and Lily pulls out pot.  When Lily proudly talks about each of them, after she declares she raised two strong, independent women, Anna declares they're both messed up and that she herself had been institutionalised for attempted suicide. Lily is suddenly very tired, and goes to bed.  Chris pulls Jen aside, explaining Anna's suicide attempt and that she is bipolar. When she tells her Anna plans to call 911 to thwart the euthanasia, Jen confronts her sister and talks her out of it. However, downstairs Jen sees Paul and Liz embracing. She stays up all night, scouring over photo albums and realises Liz has been with them on all family trips.  In the morning, although Lily wants them to have a lazy Sunday, Jen gets Anna to back her in announcing they will block the euthanasia by calling 911. Trying to get Paul or Liz to confess, Lily tells everyone it was her idea, as she doesn't want either to be lonely.  Lily gets everyone on board with the procedure, but Jen and Anna insist on being with Paul at her side while she drinks the medication. Afterwards they drive off, one by one.
A nuclear plant in Chai Wan, Hong Kong, goes into meltdown when a hacker causes the coolant pumps to overheat and explode. Soon after, the Chicago Mercantile Exchange gets hacked, causing soy futures to rise. The Chinese government and FBI determine that the hack was performed using a remote access tool. Captain Chen Dawai of the People's Liberation Army cyberwarfare unit is tasked with finding the hacker, and enlists the aid of his sister Lien, a networking engineer. He meets with FBI Special Agent Carol Barrett in Los Angeles and reveals the code in the tool was written by himself and Nicholas Hathaway, his college roommate, during their time at MIT. Dawai requests that Hathaway, who is in prison for hacking banks, be offered a temporary release in exchange for his services. Hathaway, knowing how necessary he is to the investigation, demands new terms: his prison sentence commuted if his assistance leads to the hacker's identification and capture. He is required to wear an ankle bracelet monitor and be accompanied by deputy U.S. Marshal Mark Jessup.  Hathaway manipulates the update system on Jessup's phone GPS that tracks his location, allowing him to follow his own lead and arrange a meeting with the hacker's partner at a restaurant. While they wait, he tells Lien about his past, but the partner does not arrive. Hathaway discovers a camera watching them and, following it to the connected computer, messages the hacker that he is now on his trail.  Clues uncovered by Dawai and Barrett lead the team to Hong Kong, where they work with Police Inspector Alex Trang. The team traces the stock trade money to a paramilitary operative named Elias Kassar. Hathaway, Jessup, Chen, and Trang, along with a Special Duties Unit team, raid Kassar's hideout, and a shootout ensues in a drainage tunnel, resulting in the deaths of Trang and several officers as Kassar and his men escape.  The nuclear plant has stabilized enough to have a data drive recovered from the control room, but it is corrupted by radiation. The National Security Agency's Black Widow software has the ability to repair the data, but they refuse to allow the Chinese access. Reluctantly sanctioned by Barrett, Hathaway hacks into the NSA and uses Black Widow, discovering that the hacker's server is based in Jakarta. Lien finds out the hacker has been buying high-resolution satellite photos of a site near Seri Manjung, Malaysia.  For his illegal hack, the NSA and FBI demand Hathaway's return to prison. Dawai's superiors advise him to turn Hathaway over to the U.S. government, but he instead alerts Hathaway to their plans. Meanwhile, one of Kassar's men secretly plants a tracking device on Dawai's car. As Hathaway and Lien, who have become romantically involved, argue about his fleeing alone, Dawai is blown up by a rocket launched by Kassar; Barret and Jessup, arriving on the scene, manage to shoot several of Kassar's men before they are both killed. Lien and Hathaway escape on a subway train, and she uses her connections to charter a plane to Malaysia.  Hathaway deduces that the hacker's attack at the nuclear plant was merely a test for a later plan: to sabotage a large dam and destroy several major tin mines in Malaysia, allowing the hacker to make a profit buying tin options. In Jakarta, he hacks into a bank's computer and transfers the hacker's funds into Hathaway's Swiss bank account, then forcing the hacker, Sadak, to contact him. Sadak and Hathaway agree to meet and discuss a partnership; Hathaway anticipates a double-cross and arms himself with makeshift weapons and body armor which he conceals under his clothes.  Though Hathaway insists Sadak and Kassar come alone, they bring their henchmen. Lien spots them and alerts Hathaway, who orders them to a new location in a park during a large religious procession. Hathaway trails them, but is caught at gunpoint by Kassar. As he is being frisked, Hathaway blindsides and stabs Kassar to death with a sharpened screwdriver. Sadak's men catch up and a firefight ensues; Hathaway is shot several times, but manages to kill the reinforcements. Sadak stabs Hathaway with a knife before Hathaway kills him. He reunites with Lien, who treats his wounds, before they leave Indonesia.
Set in an Oregon logging community, Lillian, is a woman newly returned to her hometown after the death of her mother. She is being harassed by a local man named Blackway, who is a big criminal in their small town. He operates with impunity in this small community on the edge of the wilderness.  After Blackway kills her cat, she goes to the town sheriff for help, but is effectively told that her best option is to leave town. Lillian refuses to be run out of town by Blackway, but Sheriff Wingate is reluctant to act against Blackway out of fear; feeling sympathetic to Lillian, he tells her to go to the town lumberyard mill and ask for a man named Scotty. The events that follow take place in the span of a single day.  In the early morning, Lillian goes to the lumberyard mill, where a group of elderly men are gathered in the shop's office, run by Whizzer. Lillian tells Whizzer that she is looking for Scotty on the recommendation of Sheriff Wingate to help her with Blackway. Scotty isn't there, and the men also tell her the same thing that the sheriff said, which is to leave town rather than go up against Blackway.  One of the older men at the shop, Lester, feels sympathy for Lillian and decides to help her. He takes along a young man named Nate, who is also an employee at the mill and in the shop with the elderly men. Nate is a simple man, but is strong and has a good heart. The three drive around town in Nate's pickup truck looking for Blackway at various locations and asking for him from the locals that he associates with. Through their quest in tracking down Blackway, various bits of details are revealed about the town's locals through flashbacks, conversations, and narratives; this includes Sheriff Wingate recommending Scotty to help Lillian because he figures Scotty might have a score to settle with Blackway. In a flashback Scotty is shown to have been severely beaten by Blackway, but Scotty states in the present that he has nothing to settle with Blackway anymore.  It is also hinted that Lester's daughter, who died of suicide, may have been abusing drugs, linking her to the drug kingpin Blackway. Through various associates of Blackway, the group finds his shady accountant, Murdoch, at a bar. Murdoch gets into a fight with Nate, and seems to have the upper hand after pinning Nate to a table, until Lester bends Murdoch's fingers backwards, causing excruciating pain. Nate then turns the tables and the three are able to leave the bar.  They head to a local diner, where Lester asks the cook, Chris, newly released from prison on drug charges, where they could find Blackway. Chris tells Lester to try Blackway's motel, where he runs his drug business as well as other criminal activities. They find Blackway at his motel in the afternoon, but do not take action, as Lester can see no good opportunity at that time.  Inside one of the motel rooms, Lillian finds an old school acquaintance handcuffed to a bed, and releases her while Lester and Nate distract two of Blackway's men. Lester takes a handgun from one of the men, while Nate acquires a shotgun. Nate causes an explosion inside the motel room, presumably because meth was being cooked in the room; Lillian puts her old acquaintance on a bus to get out of town after rescuing her.  With evening setting in, the three drive up into the deep woods, while Whizzer is narrating to the men in the shop about the dangers of the deep backwoods. Since Nate and Lester have been causing Blackway so much trouble all day, Lester knows that he will be looking for them. They settle in for the night at a camping ground in the woods, and Lester goes off with his antique shotgun, leaving Lillian and Nate alone together.  Blackway shows up during the night, with a pistol pointed at Lillian and Nate. Lester has a clear shot of Blackway from inside a trailer and is about to kill him, but Nate, not knowing about Lester's vantage point, fends off Blackway to protect Lillian and himself. By the time Lester is able to get another clear shot at Blackway, Murdoch discovers him in the trailer and shoots him, while Blackway is able to knock out Nate.  Lillian is able to escape by bending Blackway's fingers backwards the same way she observed Lester do to Murdoch at the bar, and is chased by Blackway into a cabin. Before Murdoch can finish off Lester in the trailer, Nate attacks Murdoch and beats him to death. After a tense game of cat-and-mouse between Blackway and Lillian inside the cabin, they both make it back outside to the campfire area, where Blackway is finally killed by Lester with one shot from the shotgun that he had inherited from his uncle.  Lester tells them that they'll have to drag Blackway and Murdoch's bodies deep into the woods so that the wild animals will scavenge their bodies and they'll never be found.  At daybreak the next morning, the three drive back into town. Whizzer, who is opening up his lumber mill during daybreak, sees the pickup truck coming back into town and realizes that the town is finally rid of Blackway. Lester is dropped off at his house, while Lillian and Nate are driving back to their homes, and an attraction is evident between Nate and Lillian.
In 2049, 30 years after the events of Blade Runner, bioengineered humans known as replicants are slaves. K (short for serial number, KD6-3.7), a Nexus-9 replicant, works for the Los Angeles Police Department (LAPD) as a "blade runner", an officer who hunts and "retires" (kills) rogue replicants. After retiring replicant Sapper Morton he finds a box buried under a tree at Morton's farm, containing the remains of a female replicant who died during a caesarean section, demonstrating that replicants can reproduce biologically, previously thought impossible. K's superior, Lt. Joshi, fears this knowledge could lead to war between humans and replicants and orders K to retire the replicant child.  K visits the Wallace Corporation, successor to the defunct Tyrell Corporation in the manufacture of replicants, where DNA archives identify the deceased female as Rachael, an experimental replicant. K learns of Rachael's romantic ties with former blade runner Rick Deckard. CEO Niander Wallace wants the secret to replicant reproduction to expand interstellar colonization. He sends his replicant enforcer Luv to follow K.  At Morton's farm, K finds 6.10.21 carved into the tree trunk and recognizes it from a childhood memory of a wooden toy horse. Because replicant memories are artificial, K's holographic A.I. girlfriend Joi believes this is evidence that K was born, not created. He discovers in LAPD records two children born on that date with identical DNA aside from the sex chromosome, but only the boy is listed as alive. K tracks the child to an orphanage but the records from that year are missing. K recognizes the orphanage from his memories and finds the toy horse where he remembers hiding it.  Replicant memory designer Dr. Ana Stelline confirms that his memory of the orphanage is not artificial, leading K to conclude he is Rachael's son. At LAPD headquarters K implies to Joshi that he has killed the replicant child. He fails a baseline test marking him as rogue. Joshi gives him 48 hours to pass the test or he will be 'retired'. Joi hires replicant prostitute Mariette as a surrogate for Joi to have sex with K. Mariette is part of the replicant freedom movement and leaves a tracker on K. Analysis of the toy horse leads K to the ruins of Las Vegas. He finds Deckard, who tells him that he is the father of Rachael's child and scrambled the birth records to protect the child's identity; Deckard left the child in the custody of the replicant freedom movement.  Luv kills Joshi and tracks K to Las Vegas. She kidnaps Deckard, destroys Joi, and leaves K to die. Using Mariette's tracker, the replicant freedom movement rescues K. When their leader, Freysa, tells him that Rachael's child was a girl, K understands that he is not Rachael's child, deduces that Stelline is her daughter and that the toy horse memory is hers, one she implanted in replicants whose memories she designed. To prevent Deckard leading Wallace to Stelline or the freedom movement, Freysa asks K to kill Deckard.  Luv takes Deckard to meet Wallace, who offers Deckard a duplicate Rachael in exchange for revealing what he knows. Deckard refuses, and Luv kills the duplicate. As Luv transports Deckard to be interrogated, K intercedes and tries to rescue Deckard. He fights and drowns Luv but is mortally wounded. He stages Deckard's death to protect him from Wallace and the replicant freedom movement before taking Deckard to Stelline's office and handing him her toy horse. As K lies on the steps looking up at the falling snow, Deckard enters the building and meets his daughter for the first time.
In 2014, James Donahue finds a video on YouTube containing an image of a woman he believes to be his sister Heather, who disappeared in 1994 near Burkittsville, Maryland while investigating the legend of the Blair Witch. He decides to travel to the woods to find out the truth, accompanied by his friend Peter Jones, Peter's girlfriend Ashley Bennett, and film student Lisa Arlington, who wants to film James' search as a documentary, The Absence of Closure. Locals Talia and Lane, who found and uploaded the video, say they will show the group the location that they found the tape, on the condition they can join them.  While walking through the woods and upon setting up camp for the night, Lane and Talia discuss the disappearance of Heather and her film crew, the 1940-41 murders by Rustin Parr, and other mysterious occurrences, which they ascribe to the Blair Witch. Specifically, Lane explains that the witch was not just left tied to a tree to die, instead tied high up in the tree with weights on her arms and legs to act as a makeshift torture rack.  The group hear noises during the night, then awaken at 2 p.m. to find strange stick figures hanging from the trees. When Lisa notices twine in Lane's backpack, he and Talia admit to creating the figures in order to convince the group to believe, but also point out that there is no explanation for the strange noises during the night and sleeping through the day. James and his associates banish Lane and Talia from the group and head out of the woods.  After hours of walking, the four arrive back at their original campsite. Lisa pilots a drone to obtain their location, but from its vantage point they can see no way out of the forest. Ashley becomes sick due to a wound on her foot, forcing the group to camp again. When Peter inspects Ashley's wounded foot, he notices what he thinks may be a parasite inside the wound. Peter leaves the camp for firewood, and is chased by an unknown entity. A tree falls on him and his body then disappears.  Lane and Talia appear in the night, claiming they have been wandering for five days without a sunrise. Lane believes the camp is a hallucination and runs off, leaving the disheveled and ravenously hungry Talia. The next morning, James and Lisa find that it is still dark outside at 7am and discover larger stick figures. Talia sees clumps of her hair tied to one of the figures. Ashley accuses Talia of crafting them and snaps the figure with Talia's hair in half; Talia herself is then snapped in half. An unseen force lifts their tent into the sky and the group is separated.  Ashley finds the drone and climbs a tree to recover it, but is knocked out and falls from the tree, an unknown entity dragging her away. A rainstorm ensues as Lisa and James stumble across Rustin Parr's house, which James had previously stated to have been burned down after Parr's execution. James hears someone he thinks is Heather scream upstairs, enters the house without Lisa, and sees Peter standing in a corner. He chases after the figure he believes to be Heather, a teleporting disheveled figure; upon its vanishing he barricades himself.  Lisa spots a tall, pale, long-limbed creature moving through the trees, and she runs inside the house. She enters the basement where she finds a hostile Lane who traps her in a tunnel, saying, "You have to do what she tells you". She escapes the tunnel, and stabs and kills Lane on the other side. The long-limbed creature emerges from the tunnel and chases Lisa. She runs up to the attic with Lane's camcorder, passing a mirror that shows Heather, revealing that the tape found by Lane is actually the one being recorded by Lisa, creating the paradox video that lured them all to the woods.  She reunites with James in the attic and they try to barricade the door. A bright light shines from outside the building. James tells Lisa to face the corner of the room and desperately apologizes to her before something enters the room. James is tricked into turning around, believing that he hears Heather's voice, and vanishes from sight. Lisa realizes she will die if she turns around so she uses Lane's camcorder to view what is behind her, catching a glimpse of the long-limbed creature behind her, and begins walking backward. She thinks she hears James' voice and turns to look whereupon she is snatched away. Her camera falls to the ground. After a few moments, the camera gives out.
Timid student Abigail returns to school after spending months in a psych ward. She is taunted for her odd mannerisms, often adopting the traits of characters from the books she reads, prompting her peers to nickname her "Sybil". Tough-and-promiscuous cheerleader Melissa and her friend Sophie take advantage of Abigail's meekness and mock her for being mentally ill. Sophie's friend Ellie is the only one that shows kindness to Abigail.  Substitute drama teacher, Jeremy Woods, decides to make the class learn The Crucible for their upcoming showcase. Abigail and Melissa begin to rival for both the lead part and for Jeremy's attention, when Jeremy picks Abigail to play Abigail Williams.  Meanwhile, Jeremy's girlfriend Jennifer urges him to take on a new job, feeling he is unfit for teaching. He rebuffs her attempts, stating that he enjoys being a teacher.  Melissa intentionally causes trouble by telling Sophie that her crush, Eric, has volunteered to read as John Proctor with Abigail, making it seem as if Abigail likes him, too. Despite these lies, Melissa makes Eric skip class with her to humiliate Abigail and to have sex with him. Jeremy steps in to read with Abigail and notices her talent for acting. When Melissa and Sophie call Abigail a "slut", Ellie asks them why they are even upset with her. The two girls accuse Ellie of having a crush on Abigail, causing Ellie to walk away.  Melissa continues to attempt to get Jeremy's attention, but he only looks to Abigail, asking her to assist him with the showcase. Ellie, who has been spending her lunch period in the auditorium and away from Sophie and Melissa, listens to Jeremy and Abigail's conversations and writes about them. Abigail confides to Jeremy that she is lonely and ostracized, which is why she appreciates his company.  Melissa becomes intimidated by Abigail's new confidence and locks her in the auditorium after school with the help of Eric and Sophie. Jeremy finds her in there and offers to drive her home. He tells her that she should not care about them and their immaturity.  Jeremy comes home to find Jennifer, who tells him that he missed the meeting she had set up for him for a new job. He brushes it off, but she chastises him and expresses her dissatisfaction with his behavior.  After Melissa's auditorium prank, Jeremy announces that he will be taking on the role of John Proctor and will read with Abigail.  Melissa and Sophie hang out with Eric and their friend TJ to drink and do drugs. Sophie and Eric have sex in the bathroom, but Sophie throws up and ends the night with awkward tension between the two of them. Eric ignores her for days afterward.  In drama class, Jeremy steps out and Melissa taunts Abigail in front of the class, accusing her of being inappropriate with Jeremy. Abigail tells her to shut up and throws Melissa's belongings to the floor, then acts terrified once Jeremy comes back, framing Melissa as the aggressor. The rest of the class watches in shock as Jeremy sends Melissa to the office.  While rehearsing in the auditorium, Abigail and Jeremy share a passionate kiss, interrupted by someone slamming a door shut. Unbeknownst to them, it is Ellie, who is stunned by the event. Later, Sophie confides in Ellie about what happened between her and Eric, tells her she wants to be a better friend, and the two reconcile. While studying, Sophie sees Ellie's diary page describing Abigail and Jeremy's kiss and tells Melissa, who is enraged.  At home, Jeremy has sex with Jennifer while imagining she is Abigail. Feeling guilty, he distances himself from Abigail, making Abigail feel anxious and insecure.  At the school dance, Sophie tells Ellie that she knows about the kiss and that they should tell the school. Ellie states that she knows Sophie and Melissa are feigning concern because of Melissa's jealousy. Infuriated, Melissa again insults Ellie, who leaves.  After the dance, Melissa is caught by her stepfather while taking suggestive photos in her lingerie. She leaves to spend the night at Sophie's.  In the auditorium, in an attempt to make Abigail jealous, Melissa forces herself onto Jeremy. He angrily pushes her away, but Melissa makes sure Abigail sees them walk out of the same room. Melissa later finds Abigail's cross necklace and confronts her by wearing it. Abigail takes the necklace back and storms off.  Thinking Abigail will be absent for the play, Melissa begins to rehearse as her understudy. As the showcase begins, Melissa is ready to go out on stage when Ellie enters backstage with Abigail, who is also dressed in costume. Before Melissa can react, Abigail walks past her and out on stage. Enraged, Melissa heads to the school office to frame Jeremy for sexually assaulting her.  As their performance goes on, Abigail's and Jeremy's real feelings emerge and when the scene ends, Abigail storms off. Jeremy follows, and she accuses him of choosing Melissa over her. He reassures her that nothing happened between him and Melissa. He drives Abigail home, but gently lets her know that their relationship is over.  Back in the school office, with her stepfather present, the authorities arrive to question Melissa about Jeremy. As she goes on, she reveals that she has been hit and sexually abused by him for years. Realizing that she is no longer making up a story about Jeremy, Melissa cries and screams when her stepfather tries to take her away. The police force him to leave.  Some time later, Melissa arrives at school as a much more natural and conscious version of herself than her former tough demeanor. She makes eye contact with Abigail through glass doors, and both girls silently acknowledge each other.
The movie shows scenes of Foley's life and career, interspersed between two of Foley's friends being interviewed on the radio and his final performance and recording.
In November 1988, Vinny Pazienza boxes Roger Mayweather for the WBC World Light Welterweight Title. He arrives late to the weigh-in, as he has been riding a stationary bicycle in order to make the weight limit. Vinny's final weight is 140 pounds even, which qualifies him for the fight.  Instead of resting up for the fight, Vinny spends the night at a casino. The following day, he loses to Mayweather. At one point during the fight, Vinny  is hit after the bell. His boxing manager Lou Duva causes a scene by going after Mayweather, but is punched as a result. Following the match, Duva tells the media that Vinny should retire from boxing. This angers Vinny's father Angelo (who serves as his coach), and he confronts Duva. In the ensuing argument, Vinny announces that he wants another fight, and hires Kevin Rooney as his coach.  Angelo receives confirmation that Vinny has been granted a title fight against Gilbert Dele. Kevin objects at first, but still believes that Vinny can win the fight. Vinny wins the bout via technical knockout, which makes him the WBA World Light Middleweight champion. Some days later, Angelo tells Vinny that he will be fighting Panamanian boxer Roberto Durán. Vinny is pleased, and gets in a car with his friend Jimmy to get some coffee. On the way, they are hit head-on by an oncoming car. Jimmy sustains minor injuries, but Vinny suffers a critical neck injury. As he regains consciousness in the hospital, the doctor informs him that he might never walk again, and will certainly never fight again. He offers to better Vinny's chances of walking by performing a spinal fusion. While this would guarantee that he can walk again, it would limit movement in his neck. Thus, boxing would be out of the question. Against his doctor's recommendation, Vinny opts to be fitted with a Halo, a medical device in which a circular metal brace is screwed into the skull in four spots, and propped up with four metal rods. This would allow him to regain movement in his neck, which could allow him to box again. Despite Vinny's optimism, the notion is rejected by Rooney.  Disobeying his doctors' advice, Vinny begins to work out in his basement. He tells Rooney, who agrees to help him. Angelo eventually catches them, and kicks Kevin out of the house.  Six months after the accident, Vinny is ready to have the halo removed. He chooses to endure the pain of having the screws removed without taking any sedatives.  In his comeback match, it is confirmed that Vinny will fight against Durán. The fight is held in Las Vegas, in 1990. In the first six rounds, Vinny is overpowered by Durán. Then suddenly — inspired by his own tenacity — Vinny lands a good punch late in the fight. Vinny eventually wins, via 12-round majority decision (, , ).  In the final scene, Vinny is interviewed by a journalist. She asks him about the biggest lie he was ever told as a boxer. Vinny pauses, then says the biggest lie is, "It's not that simple".
May, a yoga instructor (Biel) makes contact with her younger half-sister Shiva (Mamet); the two share a mother, Susan, but were born ten years apart, with their mother giving May up for adoption to a rich family while Shiva bounced around foster homes. Despite their glaringly different backgrounds, the two bond quickly, although May is soon uncomfortable about Shiva's boyfriend Cody (Anderson). Dex, May's boyfriend and partner in their yoga school, is uncomfortable around Shiva when he learns about her true history, but May refuses to leave her sister, particularly when she finds that Shiva returned a thousand dollars that May had given her to pay for rent.
Divorced Lauren Reynolds goes on a blind date with widower Jim Friedman at Hooters; it goes poorly. Lauren and Jim run into each other while on errands to the pharmacy, and the cashier mistakenly switches their credit cards.   Jim goes to Lauren's to switch the credit cards back. Jen is there and has broken up with her boyfriend Dick, Jim's boss, although they had already paid for a trip to Africa. Lauren commits to using Jen's portion of the vacation package without knowing that Jim intends to use Dick's as well and that the hotel accommodation is for a romantic suite.  The families are put together for a "blended familymoon", where they get together with other couples, including the oversexed Eddy and Ginger. Eddy's new bride is quite his junior, to the chagrin of their teenage son Jake, on whom Jim's oldest daughter Hilary develops a crush at first sight.   The kids make an awkward impression on each other, with Brendan calling his mother "hot," and the others not knowing how to react to Espen acting like her mother is there with her, as she is not ready to let go of her yet. Over time the kids begin to bond with each other and each other's parent.  Jim bonds with the boys, helping them with adventurous sports, while Lauren bonds with the girls, helping Hilary to change her tomboyish look into a more feminine one, leading to Jake becoming her boyfriend. As they become closer to their children, Jim and Lauren begin to warm up to each other. They inadvertently get together for a couples' massage and have fun with each other.   When Lou asks Lauren to put her to bed, Lauren sings her "Over the Rainbow," which, unknown to her, was the song Lou's mother used to sing. The other girls pretend to sleep, while discovering how much they truly love Lauren. She returns this feeling when she maternally kisses each girl's forehead as she says goodnight. Jim starts to experience deeper feelings for Lauren.  On the last night of the trip, Lauren wears a black dress that evening, receiving admiration from everyone. Jim and she are sat down for a romantic dinner, which he had especially planned for her. They chat briefly about basic parenting techniques and then move in for a kiss. However, at the last second, Jim pulls away, apologizing and explaining that he "can't do it".  After returning to America, Jim realizes he misses and has fallen in love with Lauren. When he admits this to his daughters, they are ecstatic with the news. Although Espen is not fully ready to move on from her mother's death, she also does not want her family to lose Lauren. She announces that her mother is so busy in Heaven, she won't be around so much.   At his girls' behest, Jim goes to Lauren's to give her flowers, only to find her ex-husband Mark there. Tyler gets excited to see Jim and wants to play ball; Mark bullies Jim into leaving, then ditches Tyler to answer a summons from work. Mark tries to make a move on Lauren, but she rejects him due to his continuous failure as a father, and his past affairs.  Lauren and Brendan go to support Tyler at his next baseball game, along with Jen and Dick, whom Jen is back together with, and his five kids. Mark does not show up. But Jim and his daughters arrive to show encouragement, inspiring Tyler to hit the ball as Jim had taught him in Africa. Jim then finds Lauren and they admit to wanting to be together and kiss, to the happiness of their kids, who know that they are already a blended family.
The social-psychological maturation of a Mexican-American, or Chicano, living on the eastern plains of New Mexico during the 1940s. The novel begins with Ultima, a curandera, or folk healer, going to live with the Márez family during the summer. Antonio is preoccupied with and anxious about attending school and having to be separated from his mother. Related to these concerns is his engrossment with knowing his destiny. This concern is exacerbated by his mother's desire that he become a priest to a community of farmers, where her family lives. At the same time, Antonio is concerned about realizing the wandering desire that stems from his paternal lineage.  Antonio is nearly at the point of starting religious study for his first holy communion and is becoming concerned with good and evil in the world. Early in the novel, he witnesses the killing of Lupito, a war veteran, and fears that his father may be punished by God for being with the guys who killed Lupito. Antonio is deeply concerned about the fate of Lupito's soul.  As the novel develops, Antonio's fears and concerns intensify and become woven together as he struggles to understand the events surrounding his life. He becomes preoccupied with questions about his destiny, life and death, and good and evil. Ultima conveys an indigenous viewpoint to him that provides guidance when he loses confidence in parental viewpoints and the teachings of the Church. Ultima tells him the stories and legends of his ancestors, and he comes to understand how the history of his people stirs his blood. Through her, Antonio learns the "old ways" and develops a new relationship with nature. This relationship opens him to the contemplation of the possibility of other gods.  Antonio learns there are powers in the world that differ from those honored by the Catholic faith. He helps Ultima perform a healing that saves the life of his Uncle Lucas, who had been bewitched by the Trementina sisters. Later, he witnesses another healing performed by Ultima and begins to understand the world differently; he learns to overcome his fears, especially his fear of change. In the end, Antonio understands himself and the world around him better, and he learns to accept life and the many challenges that it presents.
Suzanne Dutchman seems to be a happily married wife. Her husband Mark is a businessman who continuously travels and is very well known. One day at a dinner party, Mark speaks to a client, Howard, about a deal whilst Suzanne speaks with her close friend Deanna. As Suzanne and Mark are on their way home it is revealed that the couple aren't so happy after all.  Howard is caught by an undercover female agent for using and dealing cocaine, and reveals many issues involving Mark. Mark is then arrested, and Suzanne faces charges for supporting him in his actions. The judge feels sympathy for Suzanne, mentions that she understands that Suzanne was unaware of her husband's actions, and sentences her to 100 hours of community service only.  Suzanne fulfills her court ordered community service by reading for visually-impaired/blind man Bill Oakland, an author and English lecturer. Suzanne develops feelings for Bill and, when she finds out about her husband's affair, leans towards Bill even more.
In 1987, Javed Khan and his family – Pakistani migrant parents Malik and Noor and sisters Yasmeen and Shazia – live in Luton, England, during the premiership of Margaret Thatcher. Javed likes contemporary rock music, which Malik disapproves of. Javed writes poetry and lyrics for his best friend Matt's band, but Matt criticises Javed's work for being depressing.  Javed feels out of place at his new sixth-form college, where he is one of two South Asian students; the other, Roops, is a fan of "The Boss". In Ms Clay's writing class, Javed develops a crush on a student activist named Eliza and becomes interested in writing as a career. Javed talks to Ms Clay after class about his poetry and diaries. During lunch, Roops approaches him and gives him two Bruce Springsteen s, calling Springsteen "the direct line to all that is true in this shitty world."  Javed faces constant racism from his peers and neighbours, and Malik forbids him to socialise, insisting he "follow the Jews" in his college because of their success as a people.  Javed is denied any opportunity to write for the school paper. Meanwhile, Vauxhall Motors lays off much of their workforce, including Malik who had worked there for sixteen years. His mother takes on extra sewing work to pay the bills. Frustrated by racism and Malik's inability to understand him, Javed discards his poems on the night of the great storm of 1987. After listening to the Springsteen tapes, the lyrics speak to him, and he recovers his poems. At college, Javed excitedly tells Roops that Springsteen knows exactly how he feels. Inspired to continue writing, he shares his poetry with Ms Clay. A neighbour, Mr Evans, recovers one of Javed's poems that decries the National Front as 'scum'. As a World War II veteran, Mr Evans sympathizes with Javed's feelings and calls the poem brilliant, but Javed's parents are less appreciative.  Javed submits a piece about Springsteen to the newspaper, which is accepted. Meanwhile, Malik is worried about finding the money for Yasmeen's upcoming wedding. Javed takes a Saturday job with Matt's father, also a Springsteen fan, on his market stall. Matt's father helps Javed impress Eliza by serenading her with a Springsteen song. In the process, however, Javed upsets Matt by seeming to side with his father as he taunts Matt about his poor musical taste and his band.  Javed asks out Eliza, and, steeling his nerves with Springsteen songs, the two enjoy a night out and kiss. Javed is inspired to write his own poems about Eliza, which she loves. Ms Clay enjoys his poems and article and arranges an unpaid internship for Javed at the Herald. Malik and his wife have to sell her dowry jewellery presumably to cover his lost wages. Yet Malik does not help his wife with the sewing even though he insists Javed and his sisters help. Javed points this out when his dad objects to him taking the unpaid work experience and his dad responds by saying his biggest mistake was moving to the UK.  Javed learns of growing tensions between the Muslim community and the National Front, who have organized a march and hung a pig's head at the local Mosque. Eliza invites Javed to dinner with her conservative and racist parents who imply that she is only with him out of rebellion. Javed later mentions this and says he doesn't care if she is with him for that reason.  At the Herald, Javed gets paid after an article he wrote about racism is chosen for the front page and decides to use the money to buy tickets for a Springsteen concert. On the morning of his sister's wedding, while Javed runs to the shops to buy tickets, his family arrives separately at the venue and National Front members assault Malik. Upset that Javed withheld money from the family and had dishonoured Malik and the wedding, Malik tells Javed to surrender the tickets, but Javed says the tickets are his and they fight. Malik says Javed will go to a university in Luton and Javed states that Luton does not have a university and that he will go to the University of Manchester instead. At this, Malik rips up the tickets. Having had enough of his father, Javed pushes and stuns Malik by telling him he does not want to be his son as he wants to be more than that.  At school, Eliza chastises Javed for abandoning his family on his sister's wedding day, and then for using his family as an excuse for no longer seeing her. In class, Ms Clay tells Javed that his Springsteen essay won him attendance to a lecture at Monmouth College in New Jersey, near where Springsteen grew up. Javed initially declines, knowing his father will not allow him to go, but later changes his mind when he sees racist graffiti on their home. Malik says America is a bad place and tells Javed that if he leaves, he will not be allowed to return.  Javed and Roops enjoy an inspiring trip to the States. Back home, with Javed staying with Roops, Noor tells Malik to reconcile with Javed and reminds him that he left his own family and country at a young age and that she and Malik will ultimately lose Javed should Malik refuse. When Javed is asked to read his essay at a school event, Eliza recruits Javed's family to show up in support. Instead of reading his original essay, Javed talks about being "Blinded by the Light" of Springsteen and his own dreams and being willing to abandon his friends and family along the way. He recognizes his father's struggles and the way his community has shaped him, saying he must "build a bridge to my ambitions, but not a wall between my family and me.” Everyone is moved. Javed reconciles with Eliza and thanks her for inviting his family. Malik reconciles with Javed and tells him that he has read Springsteen's lyrics and admires the themes of working hard and respecting one's family. Before going to Manchester, Javed sells his Springsteen memorabilia to reclaim his mother's jewellery. As Javed leaves for university, he and Malik listen to Springsteen together.
Collin Hoskins, an African-American convicted felon, is struggling to finish the last three days of his probation. Collin, along with his short-tempered white best friend, Miles Turner, works for a moving company located in Oakland, California. One night while waiting for a red light, Collin witnesses a white police officer fatally shoot a fleeing black man. As Collin is haunted by the incident, he begins to have nightmares and experiences hallucinations.  At the same time, Miles becomes distraught by the gentrification of Oakland and a resulting sense of loss of identity, home, and belonging. Miles purchases a handgun from a friend on the basis of self-protection, an action of which Collin strongly disapproves. Collin tries to reconnect with his ex-girlfriend Val; there is an awkward distance between them despite their feelings for each other. A witness recounts the fight which led to Collin's incarceration: Collin was working door at a local club when a drunk white customer stepped outside to show off a flaming drink. Collin informed him that this violated state liquor laws but the man verbally abused and shoved Collin, starting a fight which ended with the man beaten and set aflame; Val shockingly witnessed the end of this scene.  As Miles continues to display erratic behavior, Val warns Collin of the dangers that may result from a continued friendship with Miles. On Collin's last evening of probation, Miles's young son Sean finds the gun and Collin narrowly averts a tragic accident. Horrified, Sean's mother Ashley forces Miles and Collin to take the gun and leave.  Miles and Collin go to a party at an upscale new house owned by an enthusiastic newcomer to Oakland. The "shoot a hipster" T-shirt that Sean gave Miles is misinterpreted as being an ironic self-effacing statement, and the only other African-American man at the party takes issue with Miles's persona, misinterpreting it as cultural appropriation. They get into a physical fight and Miles takes out his frustrations, beating the man. Ordered to leave, Miles terrorizes the host and his guests by firing his gun into the air while proclaiming his authenticity to the neighbourhood.  Collin rushes Miles away before the police arrive and takes his gun. In an explosive argument, Collin criticizes Miles for his reckless behavior and the trouble it keeps causing him. Miles returns home and reconciles with Ashley while she treats his injuries, and he realizes that he doesn't face the same struggles as his loved ones. Collin phones Val and, referencing the face–vase illusion from her college studies, asks if she has a blind spot with him and whether she can see past her recollection of the fight.  With his probation completed, Collin continues to feel psychologically troubled by the police shooting he witnessed. As he and Miles are finishing a moving job, the house is revealed to be that of Officer Molina, the police officer Collin witnessed killing a man. Collin holds the officer at gunpoint, and Miles watches as Collin launches into a freestyle rap, criticizing the relationship between the police and African Americans, as well as the gentrification in Oakland. He breaks some of the officer's property, but does not shoot the gun, leaving the distraught officer behind. Following a moment of solemnity, Collin and Miles repair their friendship as they drive to their next job.
In a future where robots are commonplace, Sam is a lowly theme park mechanic in a robot theme park called RoboWorld in New York. He is in love with his girlfriend and childhood sweetheart Sue Widdington (who works as a reporter for channel six news) and wants to propose to her in a spectacular way with a bling ring on the upcoming Valentine's Day. He lives with 3 robots he built namely Kit, Okra and Wilmer who all want to be popular superheroes. After buying an expensive engagement ring for Sue, Sam and the trio witness the robbery of another expensive ring by famous supervillain Oscar and his robot henchman Victor. Apparently Oscar is madly in love with the mayor Catherine who is Sue's aunt who doesn't love him. He forces her to accept his proposal in her office but when it doesn't work he escapes with the help of Victor. Sam makes another spectacular plan to propose to Sue during the Valentine's Day parade. Oscar makes plans to force Catherine to accept his proposal by creating a giant robot (that has a head that resembles his) made from smaller robots disguised as ATMs that would destroy the city if she doesn't accept his proposal. He remakes the ring he stole into a remote control for all his robots including Victor. After planting the robots as ATMs in RoboWorld, he and Oscar bump into Sam and Sam mistakes Oscar's ring as his and tries to take it not knowing that his own ring is in his pocket. Victor takes the ring and the two supervillains drive off. Sam and his friends chase after them still convinced that Oscar took Sue's ring.  The chase leads into a dangerous confrontation with Victor and ends with the robot henchman endangering a school bus in a Cloud Road and running off with the ring. Sam and friends save the bus and get praised as heroes. They track Victor to Oscar's lair and steal the ring only for them to face Victor and Oscar's robots in a deadly confrontation. During the fight, Sam's friends realize that the ring belongs to Oscar but decides to help Sam escape so that he could propose to Sue. Sam escapes to propose to sue only to find out the ring is Oscar's. He stops and Sue becomes disappointed in him for not being able to propose and walks off. Dejected, Sam walks off sadly. meanwhile, Victor finds Sam's ring and gives it to Oscar and they both head off to the Valentine's Day parade with an army of robots. En route, Victor discovers that Oscar never really cared about him and only became a villain because of Catherine, so he rebels against him only to be fired and kicked out by Oscar. Feeling betrayed, Victor pledges revenge and meets Sam who gives him Oscar's ring sadly. At the Parade, Catherine is interviewed by Sue and Oscar appears and assembles his giant robot and discovers that the ring given to him by Victor is Sam's. Victor appears and declares he will destroy the city and that he no longer works for Oscar. He ascends into the giant robot and uses Oscar's ring to control it. Sue inspires Sam on TV to save the city and he and his friends rush off to defeat Victor. After a great battle, Sam tells Sue how much he loves her and creates a large plan to defeat Victor and the giant robot. With the help of the robots at RoboWorld and his friends Victor and the giant robot are finally defeated. Oscar is sent to jail but not before he tells Catherine he became a villain to impress her. Catherine who never really liked Sam tells him that he had finally become a great man worthy of Sue. Finally, Sam proposes to Sue with his own handmade ring to which she says yes, giving the movie a happy ending.
In the near future, where robotics have greatly evolved, Alex is looking for the normal loving family that he doesn't have - his parents are always too busy fighting with each other to worry about the effect on him. After seeing an advertisement for a domestic robot named 'Blinky', he asks his parents for one for Christmas, hoping that it will bring his family together as is shown in the advert. Blinky's advertisement and conduct at this point indicate that Blinky is specifically designed to provide friendship to its masters. After obtaining Blinky and playing with him for a while, shown in a home-video style montage, Alex feels disappointment in the fact that Blinky hasn't changed anything and his parents continue to argue. Eventually, Alex becomes tired of the robot and ignores him, even when Blinky persistently asks to play games.  After leaving Blinky to count down from 1 million outside in the rain in a game of Hide and Seek, Alex becomes frustrated and gives Blinky multiple conflicting orders, such as telling him to be still and at the same time cleaning up, as well as telling him to kill both his parents, himself, their dog and everyone else in his rage, leading Blinky to malfunction. After Alex informs his mother about the glitched robot and that they need to buy a new one, she suggests rebooting him, and that Alex must clean up the mess he made or she will tell Blinky to ″clean [him] up and cook [him] for dinner". Alex reboots Blinky, appearing to have reverted to factory settings, and asking Alex "will you be my best friend?" Alex continues to ignore Blinky as normal.  Soon afterwards, Blinky starts to behave abnormally, such as showing up in Alex's room overnight, and continuing the count down from before. The next day the family dog appears to be gone, with Alex believing that the robot had something to do with it. He tells his mother his forebodings, but she thinks he's just already tired of Blinky and wants a new robot. The next day Alex goes into another rage with Blinky, throwing an electronic tablet at him. The tablet simply shatters glass throughout the room, causing no damage to Blinky. Alex gets even angrier and blames the mess on Blinky, so Blinky retreats to the kitchen to 'clean', counting down from 10 and grabbing an electric knife from the drawers, proclaiming "ready or not, here I come". That evening, both parents are eating dinner at the table, with Blinky present and Alex's seat empty. As Alex's mother asks Blinky if he has seen Alex, the robot replies that he is right there at the table, and reveals that he has carried out both his and the mother's 'command' from before: he has killed Alex, cleaned him and cooked him into meatballs, which they are now eating. The parents scream in horror as Blinky asks if he has "done good".  While a TV advertisement orders the people to contact immediately if Blinky acts abnormally, the police arrive at the house as Blinky is cleaning up supposedly the parents' blood. He lets two officers into the house, and shuts the door behind them. The last shot shows Blinky as he kills his next victims, himself and the camera covered in blood, as he carries out Alex's past 'commands' to kill everybody.
Single mother Lisa takes her young daughter, Julie, to her first day of kindergarten. She watches as Julie is befriended by two other girls, Kayla and Sam. Kayla's father Mitchell and Sam's father Hunter introduce themselves and the three become close friends after seeing the bond between their children.  Twelve years later, Julie shares with Kayla and Sam that she plans to lose her virginity to her boyfriend Austin on their upcoming prom night. Kayla pledges to do so as well, though on a casual basis with her lab partner, Connor. Sam, a closeted lesbian who is unsure about her feelings, also joins the pact and arranges to attend the prom with the harmless Chad.  Lisa throws a pre-party for the parents and kids. The girls and their dates then head to the prom, texting each other about their sex pact. The three parents hear Julie's laptop and intercept the messages. Hunter deciphers their emoji codes and uncovers their plan. Lisa and Mitchell rush to stop their daughters; Hunter tries to dissuade them from interfering and shares his intuition that Sam is gay, but upon seeing her force herself to kiss Chad, he becomes determined to stop her from doing something she doesn't want to do.  Having been told that the after-party would be at Austin's house, the parents go there but find only Austin's parents Ron and Cathy engaging in sex games. Ron reveals that the after-party is at a lake house but refuses to give the address. The trio realizes that Mitchell's wife Marcie may have it and retrieve the address against her wishes, as she supports Kayla's right to make her own decisions. However, the parents are unable to catch their daughters when the partygoers disperse to avoid the police.  As the group struggles to find their daughters, it becomes clear that each parent has their own motivation: Mitchell is in denial over his daughter growing up, Hunter feels guilty for neglecting Sam during his bitter divorce from her cheating mother, and Lisa is struggling to let go of her only child who secretly plans to leave for a distant university against her wishes; Lisa is confronted with this when Julie angrily states that she's going to UCLA to get away from Lisa's clinginess.  Knowing that Austin and Ron have been texting, the parents return to Ron's house to steal his phone. Encountering the couple playing a blindfolded sex game, Hunter and Mitchell are forced to play along as Lisa steals the phone, which reveals that the girls are at a hotel. There, a drunk Sam goes to bed with Chad but decides she does not want to have sex. Kayla and Connor go to bed, but she also changes her mind and they limit their intimacy to Connor performing oral sex on Kayla.  Mitch finds Kayla with Connor and throws him against the wall, infuriating Kayla. Mitch confesses his struggles with her becoming a woman, his good intentions ultimately making amends with Kayla. Hunter finds Sam and they also share a tender moment, where he reveals that a good night was the best he could give her in return for his neglect. Sam comes out to her father, who is deeply moved at being the first person she told. Lisa sneaks into Julie and Austin's room and, realizing how much they clearly love each other, leaves unnoticed. On her father's advice, Sam comes out to Julie and Kayla, who embrace her and affirm their lifelong friendships. They leave Sam with her crush Angelica who shares a romantic kiss with her. Mitch, Lisa and Hunter acknowledge their own friendships have been strengthened and drink to their daughters' futures.  Three months later, the parents celebrate the departure of Sam, Kayla, Julie and Austin as they depart on a road trip to drop off Austin and Julie at UCLA. As they leave, Lisa starts receiving the girls' group text, filled with plans to use drugs and have unprotected sex. The parents panic until the girls text that it was a prank, and send a final "I love you" to them.
A young boy named Dax is watching horror films with his mother on Halloween. When she goes to get them drinks, a deranged patient of her husband, renowned psychologist Dr. Vaughn Conway, wearing a red mask sneaks up on her and murders her. Dax finds the patient standing over his mom's body before his father rushes downstairs and shoots the patient dead.  Years later, a now teenage Dax has become obsessed with horror films as a way of coping with his fear following his mother's murder. Dax is preparing to attend Blood Fest, a horror film festival being held on a massive, enclosed ranch with zones based on different types of horror films. Dr. Conway, who blames horror films for driving his patient to kill his wife, finds Dax's tickets and Blood Fest wristband and destroys them, forbidding Dax from attending the festival. Dax's best friends Sam and Krill convince him to ask their friend Ashley, an aspiring actress, to give him an extra ticket. Ashley agrees and convinces her boyfriend Lenjamin, the director of her film, to get Dax access to the festival.  When the trio arrive at Blood Fest, Dax meets Roger Hinckley, an actor who played the killer in his favorite horror film series "Arbor Day". When Dax tries to talk to him, Hinckley coldly dismisses him and his own films, disappointing Dax. The festival kicks off with its founder, horror director Anthony Walsh, greeting the audience. He gives a speech about how horror is dead, inviting everyone to help him make the ultimate horror film. An army of chainsaw wielding psychos wearing pig masks, led by a mysterious masked person named Red, descend on the audience and begin brutally murdering everyone. Dax, Sam, and Krill realize they have no chance of getting out through the front entrance and flee into the grounds. Walsh makes his way to a control room at the top of the tower in the center of the grounds, where he and his employees are recording the entire festival to make a "real" horror film.  Dax, Sam, and Krill hide in a storage room, where they meet up with Ashley and Lenjamin. Ashley reveals there is an exit at a warehouse at the back of the grounds that can be opened with her pass key, so the group decide to make their way through the grounds to try and escape. They enter a fake graveyard, where Lenjamin convinces Ashley to give him the pass key because he doesn't trust her or the group. Zombies suddenly crawl out of the ground, killing Lenjamin. The others run to a nearby cabin where they find Hinckley hiding. Dax kills a zombie that breaks in by hitting it in the head, discovering the zombies are real corpses being re-animated and controlled by an electrical signal. Dax and Sam fight through the horde to destroy a power box, cutting off the signal and stopping the zombies long enough for them to get away.  The group, now joined by Hinckley, continue on and come upon a zone of the festival based on the "Arbor Day" films. They are attacked by the Arborist, the killer from the films, and Krill becomes separated from the group. Dax, Sam, Ashley, and Hinckley hide in a high school and meet actor Zachary Levi, who is killed by the Arborist when he sneaks in, forcing the group to run. Krill, meanwhile, runs into a group of vampires, but Rain, the lead vampire, does not bite him upon sensing he is a virgin. Krill takes a flaming stake and returns to the school, and uses it to kill the Arborist and save the others. Sam finds a passage leading to the maintenance tunnels under the ranch, and convinces everyone that it will be the fastest way to make it to the exit. Once underground, they realize they are now in Tortureville, a zone of the park based on torture porn films. Sam finds a park employee stuck in a trap and frees him, only to become trapped herself. Just as Sam is about to be ripped in half, Hinckley sacrifices himself to save her. Ashley and Krill get stuck in a bathroom, where Ashley breaks down and admits that Lenjamin had the pass key when he died. Krill comforts her and they end up having sex. The four meet back up and are chased by Red; when they hide in another room, they find a stack of explosive barrels and realize the grounds are rigged to explode. Meanwhile, Dr. Conway is at an interview for the local news. Upon noticing Dax is not there, he abruptly leaves.  Walsh discovers the electronic signal preventing the monsters from leaving their zones has failed, and decides to leave it to see what happens. Dax, Sam, Krill, and Ashley make it to Clowntown, a giant circus tent full of murderous clowns, before the exit. Just before the clowns attack, the zombies suddenly rush into the tent and fight the clowns. The group tries to run, but Ashley stops when she sees a zombified Lenjamin. She manages to get the pass key from him and throw it to Krill, but is killed in the process. Dax, Sam, and Krill make it to the warehouse with the exit door, where the employee who tricked Sam is trying to escape. Krill begins hacking the door open when Rain suddenly appears. Realizing Krill is no longer a virgin, she tears his throat out. Sam kills Rain, but she and Dax are devastated when Krill dies from his injury.  Dr. Conway suddenly enters through the exit door with a gun, just as Red appears and holds a knife to Sam's throat. Everyone is shocked when his father murders the employee. Red is revealed to be Dax's younger sister, Jayme, and Dr. Conway reveals that he is Walsh's partner and is behind everything; since he blamed horror films for his wife's death, he decided to punish those who enjoyed horror films by turning Blood Fest into a massacre, believing that the horrific deaths of the festival-goers will put an end to the horror genre forever. Jayme release Sam, knowing she is important to Dax, and Dr. Conway orders them both to leave before he and Jayme leave to join Walsh and finish their plan. However, one of Walsh's workers notices Dax and Sam about to leave on a monitor and, not knowing who they are, locks the exit. Dax loses hope and considers just waiting for death, but Sam convinces him to face their fears and fight their way out. They steal a truck from the warehouse and begin driving through Blood Fest to the tower.  Dr. Conway is angry to learn that over two hundred of the festival-goers are still alive. Walsh decides to emit an electronic pulse that will cause everyone wearing a Blood Fest wristband to go insane and start killing each other. Dax is not affected due to not having a wristband, but Sam transforms into a mindless killing machine and attacks him, causing him to crash the truck into the tower. Dr. Conway sees Dax on the monitors and panics, activating an elevator to help Dax escape from Sam. Dax is taken up to the control room where he confronts his father and sister about what they have done. Dr. Conway shoots Walsh and tries to convince Dax that he is doing the right thing. However, Dax angrily reveals that he was afraid not of horror films, but of his own father after seeing him kill the patient as a child. Dax overcomes his fears and defiantly presses his head to the end of his father's gun. Dr. Conway is unable to kill Dax, but decides to set off the explosives all over the festival and kill them all. Jayme has a sudden change of heart and throws a knife into her dad's chest, sending him out of a window to his death just as the sun rises.  Sam, still crazy, breaks into the room and attacks Dax, but returns to normal after Dax breaks off her wristband; the two then finally admit their feelings for the other and share a passionate kiss. Jayme apologizes to her brother for helping their father and Walsh before escaping out the window. As Dax and Sam make their way out of the grounds, Sam wonders if any of the other attendees survived. Just as Dax suggests it is possible, the explosives go off and completely destroy Blood Fest and everything inside.  A post-credits scene reveals a hand breaking out of the ruins of Blood Fest clutching Walsh's staff.
For four privileged siblings Brie, Daniel, Crew, and Jess, family has always come first. But when Crew (Daniel DiTomasso) invites his girlfriend Sara (Kate French) into the family, distrust begins to bubble between the siblings. Seeing Sara as a threat, Brie grows spiteful and suspicious that she is being replaced. That is until the night Crew attempts to murder her in their family house. Traumatized, Brie is sent to a mental facility where she is tormented by hallucinations of Crew from the night of the attack. But when the visions begin to bleed into reality, Brie starts to fear that it's not just her sanity that's in danger, and she flees the facility. In a frantic attempt to return to her remaining siblings and warn them, Brie begins to uncover a trail of gory, sinister secrets that leads her to question whether she knows her family as well as she thought.
Ted Jargenson, a city maintenance employee, is checking on a remote roadside pipe when he is attacked and killed by several hungry  lampreys. Roughly a week later, Michael Parker, his wife Cate, daughter Nicole and son Kyle move to the small lakeside town for the summer, as Michael is tasked with controlling the lamprey population in Lake Charlevoix. Meeting the local fish and wildlife department, consisting of Will, Rich, and Marcy, Michael learns that these lampreys are particularly hungry and seem to be feeding aggressively on the fish population, effectively destroying it. The mayor, Bruce Akerman, demands that Michael fix the problem within a day so that no tourist revenue is lost to the town.  Soon, the lampreys begin feeding on people, first attacking Rich when he sets out on the lake to try to get a lamprey count. His body is found and brought to the morgue where lampreys burst from his chest cavity and kill the coroner, before they escape into the pipes and infiltrate the water system. Despite this, Mayor Akerman still refuses to shut down the lake and Michael talks to the press himself. When Mayor Akerman sees this, he gets Michael fired by calling a favor in with Michael's boss.  Meanwhile, Michael and Cate's flirtatious summer neighbor Ellen invites her pool boy Alex over to clean her pool. She intends to seduce him by surprising him in the pool when he gets there. Alex has coincidentally started a summer fling with Nicole and invites her with him to Ellen's house, having been told that Ellen will be out running errands. After arriving, the two discover Ellen's body in the pool being devoured by lampreys. Cate hears their screams and runs next door and call the police. An officer arrives and he's promptly eaten by the lampreys in the pool, which allows Cate, Nicole, and Alex to escape.  The lampreys attack the town en masse, through pipes and any water sources outside. Cate and Nicole go to rescue young Kyle (who went to the beach earlier as lampreys begin attacking) while Alex goes to check on his own family. Mayor Ackerman is also killed during this time by a lamprey that enters his body as he sits on the toilet. Will convinces Michael to help him despite being fired and they witness Marcy being attacked and killed by lampreys. They plan to shut down the main water system before the lampreys can escape into Lake Michigan and discover several dead throughout town including the mayor.  They encounter Cate and Nicole, who are busy trying to rescue Kyle from an attic storage area where he's barricaded himself. They succeed once Alex shows up with a ladder and everyone is able to escape the town. They resolve to use the bio salts from the dead lamprey's livers to lure the live ones to the main water plant where they can electrocute them. They eventually succeed in their plan of electrocuting all the lampreys at the main power plant but Will is lost to the lampreys. As the town cleans up and Michael and his family leave, having seemingly solved the crisis, a lamprey attacks a member of the cleanup crew.
During a weekend excursion in the woods, three friends, Victor (Ellar Coltrane), his ex-girlfriend Lynn (Willa Fitzgerald) and Jeff (Jacob Artist), who's been secretly sleeping with Lynn, discover four bags full of money. The trio discover that the bags belong to a criminal named Miller (John Cusack), who is looking for the money.  As they try to getaway, Jeff is entangled with one of the bags. With Miller pulling him in one direction, and Lynn refusing to let go of the money. As a result, Jeff dies from fatal injuries inflicted during the confrontation. Near an abandoned mill, Victor falls off the trail and Lynn has hid the money somewhere in the mill. Miller confronts Lynn when she tries to negotiate with him, saying that if he gives her some of the money, she will tell him where the rest is hidden.  Lynn distracts Miller long enough for Victor to hit him from behind with a pipe. Lynn then uses the pipe to bludgeon Miller to death. In the heat of the moment, Lynn suddenly arms herself with Miller's firearm and shoots Victor, killing him. With Lynn the only survivor, she walks out of the mill, taking the money back with her to civilization.
A young woman named Crystal falls in love with a criminal, Roman. Roman lures her into a life of "sin". One day, she wakes up and realizes that Roman has turned her into a monster. She decides to escape from Roman with Jeremiah, who works as Roman's driver through a kidnapping plot that goes wrong. Jeremiah and Crystal subsequently begin a love affair and devise a plan that can make her human again. But Roman sends his henchman, Bill, to hunt them down. Crystal is now faced with a choice: she can kill Jeremiah to live, or follow an impossible plan that can turn her soul human again, so that she can be with the man with whom she has fallen in love with.
In 1974, Chris Pierzynski is released from prison after serving twelve years for murdering a rapist and killer he caught in the act. His ex-wife Monica is a drug-addicted prostitute. They have a son and a daughter. Chris tries to go straight with his new girlfriend Natalie, but is betrayed and sabotaged in his pursuit of a legitimate business venture. Returning to his criminal ways puts him in direct conflict with his brother Frank, who happens to be a New York City cop. Their sister Marie, and their sick father Leon, want Chris and Frank to just get along with each other.  When arresting Anthony Scarfo at his house, Frank happens to meet his ex-girlfriend Vanessa again. Though Vanessa is now married to Anthony and has a daughter by him, Frank and Vanessa get back together again anyway, and she decides to divorce Anthony. But in the meantime, Frank becomes conflicted over allowing Chris to flee the scene of a felony murder. After Anthony is released from police custody, his first act is to seek revenge against Frank for destroying his home life. Chris uncovers the plot and must decide between saving his own skin and stopping Anthony in his tracks.
Christine, who is about to marry Steven, decides to hold her bachelorette party in Las Vegas with her friends Olivia, Claire, and Barbara. Christine's foster mother bids farewell to her daughter, then bludgeons a bound and gagged man with a hammer. After the party, Christine's group begins driving back to Chicago in an RV, and it is revealed that Christine has a troubled past and an unspecified mental illness, which has caused her to carve inverted crosses into her abdomen. During the trip, the quartet pick up a hitchhiker named Joe, who they quickly eject from the vehicle due to his strange behavior. A short time later, the RV is flagged down by a religious police officer, who claims that she needs a lift to the nearest town.  When the RV fails to start, the officer has Christine and Barbara stay behind while she, Olivia, and Claire go in search of aid. Once they are a considerable distance from the others, the officer begins acting deranged, stabs Claire, and shoots Olivia in the knee. She then has her son, Glen, help her move Claire. Nearby, serial killer Max Seed chases and murders a woman, and makes his way to the RV, where he incapacitates Christine and Barbara. After taking Olivia to the RV, Seed meets with the officer and Glen, who are his wife and son, respectively. Seed orders his family away, and nails Claire to the ground.  After the Seed clan leaves, Claire is found by Joe, who releases and tries to rape her, prompting Claire to stab him in the neck with one of the spikes she was crucified with. At the RV, Seed restrains Glen while the officer recites passages from the Bible, and stabs him. Seed reaches into Glen's wound, rips out his intestines, and strangles him to death with them.  Reentering the RV, Seed makes Barbara watch as he rapes and shoots Olivia with a handgun. When Seed leaves her alone, Barbara crawls out a window and tries to run away, but is shot to death by Christine, who refers to Seed's wife (revealed to be Emily Bishop, the child Seed abducted at the end of the previous film) as "mom". When Claire reaches the RV, Seed attacks her, but is stopped by Christine, who tells him, "No. With her I still have plans". As he and his family head home with the unconscious Claire, Seed snaps Emily's neck, and continues on with Christine and Claire.  In a mid-credits scene, a motorist stops when he sees Claire lying on the side of the road; he tries to call for help, but has his throat slit by Claire. Seed walks up to Claire, and gives her his mask, which Claire puts on.
Agent Rayne fights against the Nazis in Europe during World War II with the French resistance, encountering Commander Ekart Brand, a Nazi leader whose goal is to inject Adolf Hitler with Rayne's blood in an attempt to transform him into an all-powerful dhampir and attain immortality.Destructoid – Uwe Boll making ANOTHER BloodRayne movie  The film opens with train cars full of humans heading to concentration camps when a French resistance group intercepts them. Soon, Rayne arrives and kills most of the Nazi troops and corners their commander in a train car. As the two talk, a Nazi shoots Rayne, splashing her blood on the commander's face. Rayne kills the soldier before impaling the commander on a pole and leaving him to die. Rayne soon converses with the leader of the resistance, Nathaniel Gregor, who is aware that Rayne is a dhampir. After finding the train cars full of prisoners, the resistance and Rayne decide to work together to fight the Nazis. After they leave, however, the commander is revealed to have survived his presumed death due to some of Rayne's blood getting in his mouth, implying that he is a dhampir.  Back at the headquarters of the Third Reich, a scientist named Dr. Wolfgang Mangler is torturing vampires to study them so he can make Adolf Hitler and the Third Reich immortal. A Third Reich Lieutenant Kaspar Jaeger informs the doctor that the commander was attacked by a "vampire" in the daytime, intriguing his interest.  Elsewhere, Rayne heads to a brothel to get a massage when she overhears a soldier beating on one of the women. Angered by the beating interrupting her massage, Rayne easily beats the man down, forcing the brothel owner to close early, despite being warned that the Nazis would suspect something is wrong. She ignores the warning and angrily tells Rayne that she better not be a problem for her business. Rayne scoffs at the woman before walking off. As Rayne prepares to leave, a voluptuous woman stops Rayne and thanks her for saving the woman from before, taking off Rayne's robe. Another woman lights several candles as the woman continues to hit on Rayne. The woman walks out, telling Rayne and the busty woman to "have fun." Initially refusing her advances at first, the woman finally manages to seduce Rayne and has sex with her. As the woman sexually dominates Rayne, one of the women listens to their intercourse, smiling mischievously before walking out of the brothel. Rayne continues to have sex with the woman, finally climaxing as she kisses down Rayne's body.  The woman that listened to Rayne's love session tells the commander about Rayne assaulting the soldier from earlier in exchange for running the brothel she works at since she hates the woman currently running it. The commander flirts with the woman, commenting on her beauty before biting her.  Back at the brothel, Rayne is fully dressed, as Nazi soldiers have arrived to kill Rayne. After cutting them down with her swords, she is reunited with the commander. Horrified to learn that she sired a Nazi commander, she flees. The Nazis fire at Rayne, managing to hit her, though she brushes it off and escapes. This angers the commander, as he wants her alive. Dr. Mangler rushes to where Rayne was shot and collects her blood for more research.  Rayne gathers with Nathaniel by asking him for weapons, and dynamite but he refuses. Rayne and Nathaniel go to look for Magda Markovic in a bar, and she gives them some codes. Upon leaving, Rayne fights two vampires and kills them. Rayne has a nightmare about fighting Hitler, who is now a dhampir after biting her. The commander talks to his lieutenant Jaeger and bites him. Nathaniel and Rayne find Basil. Hearing the Director is going to Berlin to create an army of vampires, the lieutenant Jaeger attacks them after Rayne killed him.  The resistance fights the soldiers, but they capture Magda, and the Director tortures her by biting her. The resistance discovers that their hiding place was attacked upon learning that it was a distraction. Rayne attacks and kills soldiers. She and the resistance find Magda, but she is a vampire, and Rayne kills her. Then, the resistance escapes when attacked by vampire soldiers, but Nathaniel and Rayne are taken prisoner, where Mangler draws Rayne's blood.  Being transported in a truck to Berlin, Nathaniel takes care of Rayne, and they have sex. The resistance puts dynamite in the way to rescue Rayne and Nathaniel. The commander drinks Rayne's blood in the fight, and Mangler escapes, but resistance sniper Natalia kills him. Finally, Rayne kills the commander, but she knows there is more work. In Berlin, Rayne, Nathaniel, and the resistance arrive at another Nazi base, surprising them.
A nurse finishing her shift goes to the staff changing room to take a shower and change. While in the shower an unseen person slashes her throat. The murderer washes their hands, leaves the hospital and appears to have buried the body. At home, Evan Cole (Sean William Scott) returns to bed just as his baby son wakes up. He tells his wife to go back to sleep and that he will get up.  Three months earlier, Evan is a social worker who works with abused and troubled teens. Evan's wife Lauren gives birth to a son, whom they named Andrew. Evan's mother Marie visits the hospital as Lauren is having trouble breastfeeding her baby. The nurse is rude when Marie asks her to be more gentle with the baby. After a nightmare involving his father, Evan wakes up to find Marie has let herself in the house and is tending to the baby.  Evan has a session with one of his students, who was beaten by his father. Evan examines a police report on the boy's father and in the middle of the night, leaves his house. Stopping in front of a bar, the boy's father is thrown out, and Evan convinces the man to let him give him a ride home. At an abandoned mansion the man is squatting in, Evan knocks the man unconscious with a club and ties him to a chair. When the man awakes, he finds Evan dressed in a slicker and an audio recorder is set up. Evan asks the man to explain his feelings as he is beating his son. The man breaks down and explains he can not help himself when he is in a rage. Evan then kills the man.  Some time later, Evan is speaking with a female student who makes it apparent that her uncle has raped her. That night, Evan abducts the girl's uncle and takes him to the abandoned mansion. In similar fashion, Evan requests that the man explain his feelings as he abuses his niece. Evan receives a call from his wife, who says that the baby has a fever of 105 degrees and she is at the hospital with Marie. Evan quickly kills the uncle, cleans up the scene, and goes to the hospital with his victim still in the trunk. While at the hospital Evan tells Lauren he was just out for a drive to clear his head. The doctor tells the family that the baby will be fine after being given Tylenol. The same nurse again makes a rude remark about Lauren being hysterical before leaving. Evan leaves later that night to bury the body in his trunk.  Evan gets a call from one of his students, Chris. Chris's drug-addicted father has returned home and hit Chris after an argument. Evan counsels Chris and the following night, Evan visits the hospital. The rude nurse tells a junkie looking for pain meds to leave and then ends her shift. The nurse is then murdered. At the same time, Evan is revealed to be in another area of the hospital, and offers the junkie some free drugs. It is revealed that the junkie is actually Chris's father, and the nurse was murdered by Marie, who removes the nurse's body from the hospital on a gurney while disguised as a nurse.  Back at the abandoned mansion, Chris's father is being subjected to the same interrogation and torture as the others. He claims that he wants to be better and just had a relapse. Not believing him after the man reveals that Chris's mother just received a sizable inheritance, Evan kills him and buries his body on the mansion property, like the others. The following morning, it is revealed in a news broadcast that the bodies Evan buried were found. It is also revealed that as a child Evan's father returned after being driven away and attacked him and his mother. In order to protect his mother, Evan killed his father in the exact same way he does all his victims. Marie covered up the murder, buried his father in the garden, and promised to always protect him. As he interviews his students he finds that only the girl was happy that their abuser was dead. During a session with Chris, he mentions that Chris's father probably only came back for the money and he is better off without him. Chris is disturbed by this as he never told Evan about the inheritance and leaves the session early.  At Evan's home a Detective arrives. He interviews the family and reveals his suspicion that Evan is involved due to all the victims having a connection to Evan. The Detective leaves but returns later when Lauren is alone. The detective points out holes in their stories and Lauren begins to become suspicious of Evan. Sometime later, a news broadcast details the discovery of the nurse's body as Evan and Marie exchange glances. That night Chris shows up at Evan's house to confront him with a gun about the killing of his father. Evan defuses the situation and sends the boy home without the gun. Marie has a conversation with Lauren, in which it is revealed Lauren has no family of her own besides Evan and the baby. Lauren, now almost convinced of Evan's involvement, searches his garage and finds some of the audio recordings Evan made while killing his victims. The next day Lauren asks Evan to watch the baby while she goes out. Lauren phones someone and tells them she would like to meet them. Marie points out to Evan that Lauren is behaving suspiciously, and Evan follows her. Lauren arrives at a remote location, and it is revealed that she is meeting with Chris. As she tells Chris she found proof that Evan killed his father, Lauren reveals that she is not upset about Evan committing the murder, but she is upset that he did it "for Chris". Lauren then forces the gun into Chris's hand and forces him to shoot himself in the head. All is witnessed by Evan who smiles as he realizes Lauren is willing to do anything to protect him, just like his mother. Lauren picks up Chris's phone and begins typing a message.  The detective shows up at the house to close the case as a social media post made from Chris's phone took credit for all the murders, saying he went after the abusers and then killed himself after killing his dad. Evan tells the detective he often let Chris be alone in his office and that is likely how he knew about the other abused kids. The detective leaves as the family stand looking at their sleeping child.
At the office where they work together, acting sales manager Evan Sanders talks to his slacker friend and coworker Tim about an upcoming presentation for the Phallucite account. After an awkward moment between Evan and the head of HR Amanda in the break room, Tim explains to coworkers Andrew and Mike that Amanda said “I love you” to Evan and Evan's response was, “no.” Branch president Ted Plunkett passes over Evan for a promotion and instead hires Max Phillips as the new sales manager. Max went to college with Evan and Tim, but Evan had him kicked out after Max slept with his girlfriend. Max moves into Evan's office and starts hitting on Amanda.  In the office alone playing video games after hours, Mike is killed in one of the bathroom stalls. Evan finds Mike's body in the morning, but it is gone by the time he alerts everyone. Max secretly turns office employee Dave into a vampire. Formerly passive Dave becomes aggressive in demanding that everyone pay what is owed to the office sports betting pool. Anxious to complete his Phallucite presentation, Evan uses Zabeth, who harbors a crush on him, to retrieve files from the basement. Zabeth is attacked and turned into a vampire.  Evan convinces Andrew to work late with him. Andrew goes to the basement and is attacked by Zabeth. Meanwhile, Evan searches Max's office, finding photos of Amanda and personnel files where each employee photograph is marked with an x, circle, or check. Andrew returns upstairs and seemingly drops dead in front of Evan. Evan hides in a supply closet. Determining that Max is behind the murders, Evan calls Amanda with a warning, but Max answers her phone and taunts him. Evan eventually passes out. Ted, Tim, and Max find Evan in the morning. Andrew returns as a vampire and presents the completed Phallucite presentation to the bosses. Ted admonishes Evan for not finishing it himself. However, Max strangely defends Evan to protect Evan's job.  Evan tries convincing Tim that vampires have overtaken the office. Tim reveals several odd events he witnessed that corroborate Evan's wild claim, including watching Max turn administrative assistant Elaine into a vampire. Amanda still refuses to believe that anything supernatural is going on. Evan worries that Max will turn her into a vampire like the other employees. Evan and Tim go to security guard Frank for help. Frank reveals that he was with Tim when they witnessed the ongoing vampire activity. The three men go to Frank's car for weapons and discover that Frank's vehicle was robbed. The Janitor reveals he is a vampire by attacking Frank. Frank recovers and stakes the Janitor through his heart, killing him.  Evan, Tim, and Frank return to the office and discover that all of the employees are now productive vampires. The men arm themselves with office supplies before confronting Ted, Max, and Andrew in Ted's office. Amanda is also present. Ted reveals that he knew Max was turning employees into vampires and that he sanctioned it so that employee performance would improve. Evan reveals that the files he found in Max's office prove that Max planned to kill Ted. Before Ted can act, Max snaps Ted's neck.  Max and Andrew allow the three men to leave Ted's office with Amanda, but they are surrounded by the vampire employees. After a long battle, all of the vampires are killed. Max calls in the legal team, also turned into vampires, as reinforcements. He then compels Amanda back into Ted's office and leaves the three men to continue fighting. Andrew kills vampire Dave because he never liked him and ends up in a confrontation with Tim during which they debate how their faceoff should end. Frank dies combating the vampires from Legal. Evan returns to Ted's office where he and Amanda ultimately kill Max. Afterwards, Tim finds Evan and Amanda covered in blood and making out amidst the carnage. The three of them calmly leave the building as day breaks. A cleaning woman arrives at the grisly scene and is attacked and bitten by Andrew.
Two college students — irresponsible slacker Greg (Travis Van Winkle) and his straightlaced best friend Rob (John Bregar) — decide to take a trip to Europe for their spring break. Lacking in money, they research odd jobs and find an opportunity with Ravexin Pharmaceuticals to participate in a two-week trial for the company's new allergy drug. When they travel to the unexpectedly run-down, remote facility where the test is to take place, they are troubled by the stringent rules in place but enroll in the trial anyway, as it will earn them each over three thousand dollars.  Greg and Rob meet Dr. Wilcox (Tricia Helfer) and become acquainted with some of the other patients, including prudish Stacey (Mircea Monroe) and veteran trial participant Nigel (Rik Denton). The patients are given the first dose of the drug, RXZ-19; though they experience violent bowel movements as a result of taking the drug, the test soon begins to take a turn for the better, as the patients start to exhibit remarkable recovery from illness and injury. However, strange circumstances begin to occur, such as the discovery of worms and insects in the food served to the patients and infestations in the building. Despite the seemingly grotesque events happening around them, none of the trial participants seem to display any reaction to them, save for Greg. Greg confronts Wilcox in her lab and learns the truth about the trial: RXZ-19 is not an allergy drug, but a formula designed to give its users regenerative abilities, and the trials are being sponsored by the government. Greg is experiencing normal reactions to the facility's conditions because he is the control in the experiment, while the others are losing some of their inhibition and sense of self-preservation due to their newfound immunity. Outraged, Greg attempts to rally the others to rebel against Wilcox, but she convinces them to stay by increasing the payment to $8,000.  Wilcox's superiors learn of the encouraging results so far and push her to extend the trial further beyond her original intentions. While administering additional doses to Rob, increasing his regenerative abilities to a degree that he heals from a normally fatal neck wound almost instantly, he escapes from his restraints and attempts to rape Wilcox before being subdued by her assistants. Seeing that the patients are becoming zombie-like as their dependence on RXZ-19 increases, Dr. Wilcox has a crisis of conscience and decides to pull the plug on her experiment. She has Rob brought back in for detoxification, but before she can begin the process on any of the others, the facility's power is cut in a storm. The patients rebel en masse, desperate for more of the drug. They begin killing the staff and corner Wilcox in her lab to demand more, but when she runs out, they attack and mortally wound her. Greg escapes from his room and finds Wilcox dying, along with evidence that the patients have begun turning to cannibalism in their need to sate their addiction to RXZ-19. He comes across Aaron (Joe Pingue), the facility's phlebotomist, frantically packing up records. The pair escape the facility, but when Greg overhears Aaron contacting his superiors to tell them of the chaos, he forces Aaron to return to the facility so he can retrieve Rob.  Greg arms himself with a fire axe and searches through the facility for Rob, having to kill Stacey when she attacks him. Meanwhile, Aaron's superior (Eric Roberts) arrives with a military unit to purge the facility and its victims to cover up the government's actions. After hearing Aaron's report, his superior has him strangled to death. Greg finds Rob, whose detox was successful in restoring him to his true self, leaving him traumatized by his actions while on the drug. They are forced to work together and kill Nigel when he discovers them, and barely escape before the military unit sets off explosives, destroying the facility.  The next morning, Greg and Rob wander aimlessly through the forest until they discover a road. A car stops for them, driven by Aaron, who survived his injuries. Aaron retrieves a blanket from his trunk for them, but they do not see that his hand begins trembling uncontrollably, prompting him to take a dose of RXZ-19. As they ride, Greg and Rob realize Aaron is driving in the wrong direction from the nearest town. Aaron locks the doors of the car and warns the pair that there are events much bigger than them taking place as they realize that their nightmare is not over.
It's been 40 years since E. F. Bloodworth (Kris Kristofferson) abandoned his loving wife and sons for a life on the road as a full-time traveling musician. Now at the end of the line, Bloodworth reappears, forced to reckon with the stale aftermath of his departure. With his ex-wife Julia (Frances Conroy) mentally destroyed and his three sons, Warren (Val Kilmer), Boyd (Dwight Yoakam) and Brady (W. Earl Brown) soured by years of anger toward both him and each other, Bloodworth's only solace is a budding relationship with Fleming, the grandson he never knew. But when Fleming meets Raven (Hilary Duff), the woman of his dreams, will Bloodworth's presence force history to repeat itself?
Priscilla and Mary Beth Connolly are sisters living in the small fishing town of Easter Cove, Maine. Their mother Mary Margaret has died, and family friends Doreen Burke, Susie Gallagher, and Gail Maguire offer condolences at her wake. The sisters argue after Mary Beth learns that their mother took out a loan for the struggling family fishmonger business, which could jeopardize their house.  At a bar, Mary Beth drinks with a stranger named Gorski. Driving him home in his car, she is unnerved by a gun in his glove compartment, and crashes the car when he caresses her leg. Inspecting the damage, she sees blood and a woman's belongings inside the trunk, and flees. When Gorski follows her, she stabs him with a harpoon and bashes his head in with a brick.  Mary Beth returns home to a shocked Priscilla, who calls the police but hangs up. The sisters use Priscilla's knife to chop up Gorski's corpse to fit in a cooler box, which they throw in the ocean. The next day, Priscilla cannot find the knife, inscribed with 'Connolly Fish', and Mary Beth searches Gorski's shack but instead finds $50,000 in cash.  Local police officer Justin Brennan borrows the Connolly's boat to pick up a body washed up on shore, which is not Gorski but a prostitute named Dee, who was shot. Doreen, Susie, and Gail confront Dee's employer Enid Devlin, a longtime friend of Mary Margaret who runs the 'Oceanview', the town brothel. Refusing to give up her business, Enid goes looking for Gorski, who worked for her, and finds Priscilla's bloody knife.  Doreen, Susie, and Gail reach out to Alexis, one of Enid's girls who was close with Dee. Enid is questioned by Brennan and Officer Coletti, who has known Enid for years and warns off his younger partner, but Brennan is unconvinced. Enid's suspicions about the knife are confirmed when she notices Mary Beth spending the cash, and Priscilla's bloody boots, and she tells the sisters that they can always come to her for help.  Priscilla and Mary Beth visit Doreen, who reveals that years ago she, Susie, Gail, and Mary Margaret made a decision: to protect their own daughters from the men passing through the local port, they allowed Enid to operate the Oceanview as a brothel. Mary Beth shows Priscilla the money, and Brennan and Coletti find Gorski's car with the gun and bloody evidence inside.  Enid blackmails the Connolly sisters to return the money in exchange for the knife. The sisters decide to go to the police, but after Brennan, who is attracted to Priscilla, unexpectedly joins them for dinner and asks about the call made to the police the night of the murder, they change their mind about confessing. Alexis, knowing Enid owed Dee money, tells Susie that she believes Enid had Dee killed. Brennan learns that Mary Beth was seen with Gorski the night he disappeared, realizing Priscilla lied to him.  Gail, Susie, and Doreen warn Enid that she and her business have crossed a line. The Connolly sisters return the money to Enid, who drunkenly tells them how much she misses their mother, who left the brothel business for her daughters' sake. She offers them some of the money, but they refuse, leaving with the knife. Alexis, knowing that Dee stole the money from Enid, who had Gorski kill her, smothers Enid to death with a pillow.  Doreen spots the Connollys' cooler, which has floated to shore. On information from Gail, Susie, and Doreen, Coletti prepares to close down Oceanview. He and Brennan see the Connolly sisters walking in the street, but Brennan has changed his mind about Priscilla. She and Mary Beth pass by Gail, Doreen, and Susie, who are singing "Blow the Man Down" as they properly dispose of Gorski's body; the sisters realize Susie is washing out the incriminating cooler, and she smiles at them.
Lee (Tequan Richmond) moves to the United States from Antigua by himself; his mother cannot move due to her job. As a lone teenager, Lee comes in contact with John (Isaiah Washington). John is living with his three children: one daughter and two sons. After spending some time together, John and Lee move to Tacoma, Washington, alongside John's girlfriend Angela (Cassandra Freeman). John starts introducing Lee as his son.  John meets his old-time friend, Ray (Tim Blake Nelson), while going for a jog with Lee. Ray introduces Lee to guns. Lee turns out to be a natural marksman. One day, John tries to contact his children in Maryland but is unsuccessful due to a restraining order. Frustrated by this, John comes home and has an argument with Angela over a petty issue; Angela throws John and Lee out of her house. John and Lee move in with Ray, his wife (Joey Lauren Adams), and their toddler son. Lee discovers a cache of firearms in Ray's basement.  Gradually, John brainwashes an impressionable Lee into committing murders. Lee commits his first murder by shooting a neighbor (Maya Woods) point-blank in the head. John encourages Lee to commit more murders in order to pay back the favor of bringing Lee to the United States. Lee commits his next murder by shooting a pub owner (Bruce Kirkpatrick) in the back and robbing him. With the robbery money, John and Lee buy a dark blue Chevrolet Caprice Classic. John teaches Lee how to drive and modifies the car's rear, adding a small makeshift gun port to the trunk.  In October 2002, John and Lee conduct a siege of terror on the Washington, D.C. metropolitan area. Using a Bushmaster XM-15 rifle fired from the Caprice's gun port, they commit a series of random shootings in public places for two weeks, plunging the public into fear and hysteria. The Montgomery County Police Department and the Federal Bureau of Investigation start investigating the attacks. One night, the two park in a no-parking spot to sleep; law enforcement, having caught up to them, surround their car and apprehend them, ending their ten-month-long crime spree, which caused 17 deaths and 10 injuries.  Five months later, Lee is held in prison. He is visited by a lawyer (Linda Powell) who tries to question him about the motives of the random killings. Lee remains stubborn and asks, "Where is my father?" as police officers escort him back to his cell.
After looking through her dead mother's diary filled with pictures of her time surfing in South Africa, Dana decides to leave California to travel there, surfing everywhere her mother did, as well as Jeffreys Bay (J-Bay), where her mother always wanted to surf but never did.  Dana leaves while her father, Joel, is away on a business trip taking a wooden carving with her. On her plane ride there, she meets Grant and he tells her to look him up if she is in his area.  After landing, Dana gets on a bus headed for the beach and is followed by a man that tries to take her backpack.  When he tries to sit next to her, she calls to a girl around her age that just boarded the bus saying she saved her a seat. Pushy introduces herself and they go surfing together after Dana puts her backpack in a locker. On the water they meet Tara and Dan Wigmore, stuck-up Roxy surfers. After some confrontation, Pushy (Dan) leaves and Dana beats Tara for a wave. On the next wave Tara cuts in on Dana, causing her to break her board that was her mother's and cannot be replaced.  Once back on the beach, Dana finds that her locker was broken into and her money and wooden carving (belonging to her mother) were stolen. Pushy takes a depressed Dana back to her place, a group of huts on the beach where she and other surfers live. Tara also lives there and continues to be mean to Dana. At the same time, policemen arrive and give the surfers one week to vacate the premises. Dana meets Tim and he instantly takes a liking to her. After a nap there is a party that night and while Tim is trying to talk to Dana she spots Grant from the plane and dances with and kisses him. The next day she tells them about her mom and how she wants to take pictures of herself at all the same places her mom did. Tara bets her a hundred dollars that she won't be able to do it and Pushy agrees to travel with Dana on her "odyssey". Grant lets them borrow his truck in exchange for working at his restaurant. As they are about to leave, Tim gives Dana a Polaroid camera so that the pictures will be the same and her board that he repaired. After each surfing destination they return to the beach house and soon there is only J-Bay, left where Dana will fulfill her mother's dream and Pushy will try out for the Roxy team.  While waiting for the right weather to leave for J-Bay, Dana works and one day she thinks she sees the man that stole her possessions. He is talking to Grant but Grant says he doesn't know the man. That night Dana and Pushy travel to the part of town Pushy is from to go dancing. While there Dana is confronted by the man who stole her possessions and she and Pushy follow him and find Grant's truck filled with elephant tusks. The men chase them and they barely get away. Pushy then gets mad at Dana and says she is dangerous and on her own for J-Bay. After their fight, Dana rips down all the odyssey pictures from the wall. The next morning the police come back, this time with bulldozers, to tear down the illegal beach hut where they live. After getting out, Dana and Pushy reconcile. Tim gets his bus working and they decide that everyone will drive to J-Bay. On the bus Tim has the odyssey pictures that he saved from the demolition and he and Dana grow closer. One night while everyone is gathered around a fire Dana and Tim go off and he sings her a song he wrote her and they fall in love.  Meanwhile, Dana's father finds her gone and comes to South Africa looking for her. He ends up at the torn-down beach hut and is told they went to J-Bay so he flies there to find her. Dana's father then finds her and they get in a fight. While Tim and Pushy are consoling her they run into a beach party that Grant and Tara are at. Tim confronts Grant about the elephant tusks (Tim works with the elephants) and they get into a fist fight that Tim wins.  The next day Pushy tries out for the Roxy surf team and wins using that 360 aerial move that Dana has been teaching her. Tara puts aside their differences and congratulates her. Tara also returns the wooden carving to Dana that she found among Grant's things. That night Dana's father comes back and after making up she shows him the pictures of her odyssey and gives him the wooden carving. They then go to the beach and drop her mother's ashes out the carving (an urn). The next day Dana goes to surf J-Bay that has very big waves and is a boy's club. Once out there Grant gets the guys to let her stay and after getting crushed on her first wave, she has a great ride with Tim, Pushy, and her dad watching her. They then take a picture together and her dad says that he is proud of her and that her mother would be, too. The film ends with Dana and everybody back on the bus and heading on their next location.
Jasmine Francis disembarks in San Francisco after a flight from New York City. She takes a taxi to her sister Ginger's apartment, where Ginger is dismayed to learn that Jasmine traveled first class despite claiming to be broke. Jasmine has recently suffered a nervous breakdown and, having incurred heavy debts, has been forced to seek refuge with her sister.  A series of flashbacks reveals that Jasmine's husband, money manager Hal Francis, was arrested for defrauding his clients. Ginger and her husband, Augie, were among Hal's victims; he swindled them out of $200,000 in lottery winnings that Augie had wanted to start a business with, and their marriage fell apart. Hal dies by suicide in prison after being publicly disgraced. Jasmine's stepson Danny subsequently dropped out of Harvard and severed all ties with Jasmine. Following Hal's death, Jasmine began drinking heavily and abusing anti-anxiety medication. She also developed a habit of talking to herself about her past.  Ginger is now dating a mechanic called Chili, whom Jasmine detests for his lowbred and coarse manners. Jasmine considers becoming an interior designer because of her "great taste" and past experience in decorating her homes. She wants to take online courses, but having no computer skills, she decides to take a class in computers to gain basic proficiency. With no income, she grudgingly takes a job as a receptionist with a dentist, who harasses her with  unwanted sexual advances. When he assaults her, she fights him off and quits.  Jasmine's situation improves when she meets a wealthy widower, Dwight Westlake, at a party in Marin County north of San Francisco. Dwight is a diplomat aspiring to become a congressman. She poses as an interior designer, telling him that her husband was a surgeon who died of a heart attack. Dwight is impressed by her stylishness and invites her to decorate his new home. Ginger begins a romance with Al, whom she met at the same party. She breaks up with Chili, who begs her not to leave him. Eventually, she discovers that Al is married and reconciles with Chili, realizing she has been influenced by Jasmine to believe Chili was beneath her.  Jasmine develops a romance with Dwight, and he is about to buy her an engagement ring, when they bump into Augie outside the jewelry store. Augie rails at Jasmine about what Hal did to Ginger and him. Augie also reveals that Danny is living nearby in Oakland and is now married. Dwight is outraged that Jasmine lied to him and calls off the engagement. Jasmine goes to Oakland and finds Danny, who tells Jasmine he never wants to see her again because of what she did to his father.  It is revealed that Jasmine finally learned of Hal's many affairs and confronted him. When he told her he wanted to divorce her to be with a 19-year-old au pair, Jasmine, in a moment of blind rage, called the FBI to inform the authorities of Hal's fraudulent business dealings, which led to his arrest, and subsequent suicide.  Jasmine returns to her sister's apartment and finds Ginger back with Chili, who is now moving in. Jasmine and Chili needle each other, and Jasmine is furious when Ginger takes his side. Jasmine lies to Ginger, claiming that she is going to marry Dwight, and tells her she is moving out that day. Leaving the door open as she exits the apartment, she walks to a park bench, sits, and begins muttering to herself.
Jim Henderson returns to his hometown in California with the intention of renovating and selling his late mother's house. While shopping at a supermarket, he bumps into his former high school girlfriend Amanda. The two greet each other, but Jim says he doesn't want to stop her from whatever she was up to.  He bumps into her again in the parking lot and they decide to go for coffee at Blue Jay. They talk about what has happened in their lives since they last saw each other. Amanda got married and became the stepmother to two children. Jim works on renovating old houses with his uncle and is thinking about renovating his late mother's house.  While walking Amanda to her car, they pass a liquor store they went to frequently in their younger days. Amanda bets that the store owner will recognize them, although Jim disagrees. To Amanda's satisfaction, he does remember them. He remarks about how the two "famous lovebirds" are still together after two decades and gives them free beer and jelly beans, while Amanda and Jim jokingly play along about how they are still a couple after all this time.  They further discuss their current lives in depth by a lake, leaving Jim crying and feeling discontented with his life when he hears of how impressive her life sounds. Going to his mother's house, they get  nostalgic over their shared memories. While going through old memorabilia, Amanda finds a letter addressed to her written years ago, and keeps it.  She then finds tape recordings of Jim and her roleplaying their middle-aged lives. They play the recordings and laugh about how uncool they were. Jim proposes they have some "fun" and recreate the tape, pretending to be a married couple celebrating their 20th anniversary. At the end of the night, Amanda confesses to Jim she is on anti-depressants and that she has not cried in years. They eventually begin kissing passionately in the bedroom. She suddenly stops when he says he loves her. It is then revealed that Amanda had an abortion back in high school and that was the cause of their breakup. They lash out at each other, ending it with Jim breaking down and crying on the floor.  Jim walks Amanda to her car the next morning, and Amanda explains her decision. Jim asks her to read the letter he didn't send her, saying he wanted to keep the baby. Amanda begins to cry, for the first time in five years, and then they laugh about it together. Jim and Amanda then sigh at one another and the screen fades to black.
Two high school students, Emma and Dean, are on a class trip to Trinidad to help build a school for less fortunate children. Emma, a popular star pupil, has her life plans set out. The high school quarterback flirts with Emma, though she is instead interested in Dean, a loner who routinely gets into trouble and seldom socializes since his mother's death. After Dean's knife is confiscated, his father pulls strings to get his son back on the trip.  On their second night in Trinidad, Dean and Emma separately attend a boat party. During the party, Emma falls overboard when police arrive in a surprise raid. Dean jumps into the water and helps her into a dinghy. Wanting to avoid getting into trouble, he severs the line attaching the dinghy to the boat, only to discover there is no motor.  The pair drift to an island, avoiding dangerous rocks, with the dinghy's sole paddle. After discovering the island is deserted, they find the outgoing tide has washed away the dinghy. Unsure if they will be rescued, Emma and Dean must rely on each other for survival. Together, they learn to build a fire, fish, and find food.  At first they are friends, but eventually their bond evolves into a romantic relationship. Dean's father, Jack, and Emma's mother, Barbara arrive in Trinidad. Emma reveals that her parents have predetermined her future without her ever questioning it. After an extensive search, the Trinidad government officially ends the effort. Jack and Barbara both keep searching, and he hires a private rescue attempt.  When Dean and Emma find a human skeleton, he calms the upset Emma by kissing her. They give in to their growing feelings by having sex. The morning after their sexual encounter, Emma finds Dean digging a grave for the skeleton. When questioned, he becomes irritable, but eventually admits he was hoping for closure over his mother's death, suffering guilt for inadvertently causing her fatal accident.  With no trace of Emma or Dean being found, Jack and Barbara can no longer neglect their individual responsibilities and both return home. As Emma and Dean's sexual relations continue, they share further intimate details, including a mutual desire to have children, but the difficulty of life on the island and concern about her family increasingly strain Emma.  After being stranded over 100 days, Emma and Dean are rescued by a tourist helicopter. They are met by family, friends, and the media. Emma is thrust into a more popular position at school while Dean, still a semi-outcast, avoids approaching her in public. Readjusting to everyday life, their relationship becomes strained and distant.  Emma attends the prom, while Dean only goes because his father encouraged him. She spots him outside watching her through the window. Emma's friend, Lizzie, encourages her to go to him. Emma and Dean kiss passionately and then dance together.
The film opens with Kit roller skating in a roller rink, she talks with Ebba outside and tells her that she feels bad because a guy with whom she was dating came back with his ex-girlfriend (Bad Days). Ebba and Kit go to the house of Ebba's aunt to forget about everything, while in the car they listen to music (Shivering Gold). They get ready to go to a party and help each other to get dressed (Stranger). At the party they dance and get drunk (Disco Tits), Kit meets Romy and kisses her passionately at the bathroom. After the party Ebba and Kit go to a grocery store and start messing around with the products and playing with the stuff they find at the store. They both take a bath together and talk at the bathtub about the future, their friendship and love.  At the next day they lay next to the pool from the house they are staying in and talk about guys (Struggle), Kit goes to another grocery store to buy some chips (Shedontknowbutsheknows) where she meets Guy, they flirt and she invites him to a party. They both talk about Guy and the party they are going to later that day (Bitches). At the party Ebba meets Guy without knowing who he is until Kit tells her, they get along and party together, Ebba talks with TJ and Ricky while Kit leaves because she feels jealous about the flirting between Ebba and Guy (Cool Girl). Ebba and Kit discuss about Guy outside the party, Kit leaves angry and Ebba stays and dances with Guy (Romantics).  Ebba and Guy get to know each other better at Guy's house, they drink tequila and share stories about their lives, Ebba and Guy walk together and kiss (Cycles). Ebba goes home and lays in bed with Kit as they hug and amend their friendship. In the post-credits scene Ebba appears singing the rest of "Cycles" at the roller rink.
Alex Moran has begun his senior year at Blue Mountain State. Since the team is predicted to not do as well this season, he decides to dedicate his final year more to partying.  Meanwhile, a new dean threatens to take over the Goat House, the party location for the school's football team, Alex reaches out to Thad Castle, who has recently been drafted into the NFL, to buy the house. Thad agrees he will, but only if Alex throws a party in his honor and it meets his wild expectations. The party, full of drugs and amusement rides, gets out of hand, but Thad is impressed nevertheless.  The auction begins for the house, and Thad bids five million dollars on it (having outbid himself from three million). Alex celebrates having "his" house back, and Thad confronts him on only thinking of himself when agreeing to create Thadland. Thad angrily banishes Alex from the Goat House.  Alex, in a dream, sees a potential future where Sammy is dead, Thad, now a middle-aged wash-up, is living in the Goat House, having never left, and Alex is now his house boy. Horrified, Alex wakes up in the middle of a deserted field. He walks to a nearby road, where he flags down a car driven by his old teammate, Craig Shilo. The two go to Thadland together, which is still running as a shell of its former self, with derelict amusement attractions and multiple deaths as a result of partying too much. Alex finds a drugged out Sammy, who has eaten Billy as a form of vengeance.  At a press conference about Thadland and Coach Marty Daniels' poor personal behavior, Daniels angrily tells the reporters and Dean Oliviares off, admitting to everything he's done and denying any regret for it.  In the basement of the Goat House, Alex confronts Harmon about a balloon-based drugs and what is inside of them. Harmon reveals that the drugs are a fermented gas derived from the house's septic tank. A disgusted Alex uses his authority as captain to coerce Harmon to shut the tanks down, to which he complies. Upstairs, Alex finds Thad and Mary Jo, both of whom are high due to the drug. Alex confronts him about his supposed wealth and asks why he can waste his time at a party at a college campus rather than attending practice with his professional team. Thad tearfully reveals that his contract was voided due to his bad behavior upon receiving his money, and that all of his wealth was fake. Alex, enraged, asks why he did that, and Thad produces a handgun, declaring that if he couldn't have his wealth, he wanted to die because he was out of money and had no friends. Alex refuses to help Thad kill himself, but instead has another plan.  In the basement, Dick Dawg, Thad's cousin, begins to rig the septic and gas tanks to explode, but is confronted by a drugged Sammy; the two fight, with Dick Dawg easily overpowering Sammy, who is knocked unconscious by falling debris. The house begins to crumble, prompting everyone inside to evacuate. Upstairs, Alex and Thad embrace, with Thad asking him to remember his story. Alex leaves with Mary Jo, which Dick Dawg carries the unconscious Sammy out of harm's way. The Goat House explodes.  Mary Jo sympathetically consoles Alex about the house he fought so hard for, to which he responds that it's "just a house." The Dean celebrates his so-called victory over Alex but begins to hyperventilate from the excitement. Before Alex can confront him, Harmon, in the guise of providing oxygen, gives Oliviares a puff of his drug. The dean begins to hallucinate and promptly begins humping Holly, likely costing him his reputation and job. In a line-up, Alex, Mary Jo, Larry, Donnie, Harmon, Shilo, and Radon all toast to Thad's memory.  One month later, Thad is relaxing on a beach (with a mojito).
Dwight Evans, a vagrant, lives out of his car in Delaware and scavenges for food and money. After learning of the impending release of Wade Cleland, the man who murdered Dwight's parents twenty years earlier, Dwight returns to his hometown in Virginia. En route he steals a gun but breaks it trying to open its trigger lock.  Dwight watches the Clelands collect Wade from prison in a limousine and follows them. They go to a local club to celebrate Wade's release. Dwight follows Wade to the club's restroom and fatally stabs him in the head. Having dropped his car keys in the club, Dwight steals the Clelands' limousine. Discovering a teenage boy, William Cleland, in the back of the car, Dwight lets him go. William implies that Wade didn't kill Dwight's parents.  After cleaning himself up, Dwight visits his sister, Sam, for the first time in years and tells her that he has killed Wade. Sam is shocked but relieved by this revelation. As the killing has gone unreported on the news, Dwight surmises that the Clelands have decided to seek revenge without police involvement. Since Dwight's car is registered to Sam's address, she flees her home with her daughters and Dwight waits in the family house for the Clelands' attack. Wade's two brothers, Teddy and Carl, arrive in Dwight's car. As Dwight escapes, he runs over Teddy and places the unconscious body in the trunk. Before he can drive away, Carl shoots him with a crossbow.  After having the wound treated at a hospital, Dwight returns to Sam's house to clean up from the attack. He tracks down Ben Gaffney, an old high school friend, and asks for help. After obtaining a rifle, Dwight interrogates Teddy at gunpoint on Ben's property. Teddy reveals that Wade was not his parents' killer. Dwight's father and Wade Sr.'s wife were having an affair. As revenge, Wade's now-deceased father killed his father and his mother's death was incidental, as she just happened to be in the car during the ambush. Wade Jr. took the blame so that his father, who had terminal cancer, did not have to die in prison. Teddy wrestles the gun from Dwight but is shot dead by Ben. Dwight and Ben put Teddy's body back into the trunk and part ways after Ben resupplies Dwight with food and more weapons. To keep Ben from further involvement, Dwight sabotages his truck.  Dwight goes to the Clelands' house and removes as many hidden firearms as he can. He buries Teddy and waits to ambush the Clelands. He leaves a message on the answering machine informing them of Teddy's death and asks them to leave Sam out of the dispute. Carl, his older sister, Kris, and their cousin, Hope, return and listen to Dwight's message. When it becomes clear that the Clelands intend to kill Sam, Dwight fatally shoots Carl. He holds the women at gunpoint while musing out loud about whether he should kill them all. William, entering through another door, shoots Dwight. Dwight disarms William and tells him to leave with his car. As William leaves, Dwight tells the women that William is his half-brother. Hope attacks Dwight as Kris reaches for a hidden gun. Kris accidentally kills Hope, and mortally wounds Dwight, before he shoots her dead. Dwight dies on the floor, mumbling that the keys are in the car.
In London, a boy named Timmy starts secondary school in Peckham, Southwark, despite living in Deptford, Lewisham. His mother wants him to go to this school because of its good curriculum and so Timmy cannot be with his old friend Kiron, a trouble maker. On his first day, he befriends a boy named Marco and later on, two others named Dwayne and Hakeem.  Four years later, the boys are invited by classmate Karina to a party. Timmy, now 15, is reluctant to go but after he finds out that his longtime crush Leah is going, he reconsiders. Meanwhile in Deptford, the Ghetto Boys are attacked by the Peckham Boys on the former’s own grounds forcing them to flee. That night, Marco attempts to watch The Intent with his older brother Switcher who is the Peckham Boys leader but Switcher is called out to help fight the Ghetto Boys who have come for revenge. Later, the Peckham Boys are chased by the Ghetto Boys and the Ghetto second-in-command Galis is shot by Switcher in the back and is left to die when Ghetto leader Madder leaves due to the nearby police.  At the party, Timmy has a slow dance with Leah but is interrupted after Marco gets into a fight with another boy causing Karina's father to force everyone out. A few hours later, after Marco gets home, the police raid the apartment and arrest Switcher. The next day, Switcher is released after not having enough evidence against him and Timmy invites Leah to his house for the weekend to watch the final season of Game of Thrones while Marco goes to a college girl's house. Timmy and Leah have sex and the two start a relationship. Meanwhile, Marco runs into Kiron, who is now a Ghetto Boy nicknamed Killy, and has his arm broken by him. On Monday, Marco accuses Timmy of being an associate with Killy and ends their friendship after insulting Leah, who pushes him and is then slapped by Marco, who is then punched by Timmy.  Three months later, Marco, Dwayne and Hakeem keep away from Timmy and Leah who are now celebrating their three-month anniversary. Marco has now become a Peckham Boy alongside Switcher. That night, Timmy is attacked by a gang and Leah is killed by being pushed to the ground and hitting her head too hard when she tries to save him. Timmy then hits one of them who picks up a brick and hits Timmy on the head with it. He accidentally lets his hood slip and is revealed to be Marco. After that, Marco is arrested for Leah’s murder.  Three years later, Timmy, now 18, is now a Ghetto Boy and replaces Galis as the second-in-command and is Madder's younger sidekick Younger Madder. After Marco is released, he reveals he did not mean to kill Leah and he regrets it deeply. A few days later, Killy gets the drop on Marco, who is now nicknamed Bricker after hitting Timmy with a brick, the Ghetto Boys attack Marco and the Peckham Boys outside a nightclub. Madder is knocked out by Switcher who is stabbed by Timmy, who attempts to kill Marco but the gun jams, leaving him to escape. Switcher is now disabled and has to be in a wheelchair. Marco now vows to kill off Timmy.  A week later, after many gunfights, Switcher is visited by his cousin Tyrone from Tottenham. He explains that every gang has a weak member and they just have to wait until the Ghetto Boys' is revealed. Meanwhile, a Ghetto Boy nicknamed Tiny Madder who is a close friend of Timmy is encouraged by him to make music for Link Up TV. Madder plans an attack on Peckham but is stopped by Timmy saying it's the wrong time of day. Madder argues with Timmy and insults Leah. The two then storm off.  That night, Timmy and Madder reconcile and Killy gets the drop on Marco again. When they get there though, Madder finds his gun box empty. Killy is revealed to have betrayed Timmy and is joined by Tyrone. Killy explains that he was jealous that Timmy became Madder's younger sidekick when he felt like he should’ve been. Timmy, who is trapped in the van, is approached by Marco who starts pouring petrol on the van. Madder knocks Tyrone out and wrestles with Killy before shooting him in the head. Marco sets the van alight and flees. Despite Madder's best attempts, Timmy accepts his fate and goes to join Leah in the afterlife before dying by being asphyxiated by the fire. Madder finally gets the door open and pulls Timmy's body out. The police arrive and arrest Madder.  Later, as the film concludes, Madder becomes a youth worker and Switcher (his real name apparently revealed to be Jordan) commits suicide from a drug overdose after both Marco and Tyrone are arrested, and Timmy is buried with honours.  In a credit scene, Tiny Madder's music has become famous around the UK and vows to get revenge for Timmy by killing all the Peckham Boys.
Dean is a hopeless-romantic high-school dropout, working for a moving company in Brooklyn. Cindy is an aspiring doctor studying pre-med while living with her bickering parents and caring for her grandmother in Pennsylvania. She is dating a fellow student named Bobby and one day, the two have intercourse where he ejaculates inside her without her consent. This causes an angered Cindy to break up with him. Sometime later, while Dean is delivering furniture to a nursing home in Pennsylvania, he runs into Cindy, who is visiting her grandmother. He gives her his number but she never calls; however, they coincidentally meet again on a bus and begin dating shortly afterwards.   After discovering their relationship, a jealous Bobby violently assaults Dean. Cindy finds out she is pregnant and tells Dean he is unlikely to be the father. She opts for an abortion but changes her mind during the procedure. Dean then comforts and reassures her that they can raise the child together. Cindy and Dean soon get married.  Five years later, the couple lives in rural Pennsylvania with their daughter, Frankie, and family dog, Megan. Cindy is now a nurse at a clinic where her boss, Dr. Feinberg, had just offered her to join him at his new clinic in the near future. Meanwhile, Dean, unambitious and struggling with alcohol, paints houses for a living. After having gone missing due to Cindy leaving a gate unlocked, Megan is found dead by the roadside which further strains the couple's marriage. Despite Cindy's reluctance, Dean insists on a romantic getaway at a motel to relax and rekindle their relationship. Stopping by a liquor store, Cindy has an awkward encounter with Bobby, which causes an ensuing argument in the car between her and Dean.  At the motel, Dean repeatedly tries to seduce Cindy but she rebuffs him. Frustrated with Dean's lack of ambition, she questions him during dinner which leads to another argument. The two make up and get drunk, but Cindy is displeased when Dean asks if she wants to have another child with him. They start fighting again and she locks him outside the bedroom. Early in the morning, Cindy is unexpectedly called in for work. She takes the car and leaves a note for Dean. At the clinic, Dr. Feinberg recommends that Cindy move into an apartment near the new clinic instead of moving her family, suggesting that they could keep each other company if she is lonely which visibly upsets Cindy.  Back at the motel, an annoyed Dean finds the note and shows up drunk at the clinic where he has another heated argument with Cindy. Dean punches Dr. Feinberg when he tries to intervene who then fires Cindy and kicks them both out. While leaving, Cindy demands a divorce, causing Dean to throw away his wedding ring, but they both attempt to look for it later. Back at her parents' house, Dean tries to persuade Cindy to give the marriage another chance for Frankie. Cindy says she doesn't want Frankie to grow up with parents who despise each other like she did. After Dean reminds Cindy of their vows, they both apologize and hug, but she pulls away. Dean leaves the house while Frankie runs after him and begs him to stay. He tricks her to return to Cindy and then continues walking away. The film ends with photos of Dean and Cindy in the early stages of their romance.
The story is about Willadean, a woman who explores the shame, emotions and privacy of battered women. A film mixed with drama, humor, pain but which offers just hope to abused women. Willadean, wife of a truck driver, tries to escape from the small prison she built thanks to a friend and friend LaSonia who is always close to her and is a blues singer and encourages her with music.
McLendon-Covey plays a obsessive-compulsive, middle-aged woman who finds that her husband is having an affair, and her thirteen-year-old daughter is becoming estranged.
Jacob Rathbone is a 12-year-old boy with a fear of the dark who lives with his stepfather, Davis and his mother, Isabel, who is frustrated with her son’s frequent night terrors. After being discovered dancing while dressed in his late grandmother’s dress and being suspended from his school (after being bullied for his obsession with his late grandmother), Jacob is sent away to a boarding school in the wilderness governed by the eccentric couple, Dr. and Mrs. Sherman. He meets his classmates: twins Lenny and Calvin, and social outcasts like disfigured burn survivor Phil, Tourette's sufferer Frederic, autistic Elwood Ramsay, and manipulative Christine Holcomb, the daughter of Davis’ boss, Mr. Holcomb (whom Jacob met on one evening when he and his parents had dinner with her family). Their classes are administered under Dr. Sherman’s strict regime that consists of a Bible Studies curriculum and corporal punishments.  Not long after, Frederic is discovered dead half-naked in the bathroom in apparent suicide by hanging. Christine uses this opportunity to flee the school with Jacob, only to be caught and brought back. Dr. Sherman reveals that Christine was sent there as a result of having murdered her older brother, Timothy, and driving her mother to commit suicide over the tragedy. Christine lures Jacob to her room, where she confesses to talking Frederic into trying out autoerotic asphyxiation and pushing him to death to divert everybody’s attention so she could escape. She blackmails Jacob into dancing with her, during which she attempts to stab him with a pair of scissors but is overpowered by him. In a display of her masochistic tendencies, she professes her love for him and claims she wanted to provoke Jacob into beating her up.  Jacob later finds Elwood dead in bed. An argument between Dr. and Mrs. Sherman — whose real identity is Lynn Adams — reveals that it was she who had murdered Elwood, and that the children will all die that night. He finds the bodies of the real Dr. and Mrs. Sherman and Frederic stashed in the freezer in the basement. A conversation between Mrs. Ramsay and Dr. Sherman suggests a prior arrangement where, being unable to cope with Elwood’s condition, Mrs. Ramsay had sent him there to be killed off seemingly in an accident — a fate that awaits all the other children. Ms. Adams stabs Mrs. Ramsay to death; Dr. Sherman slits Ms. Adams’ throat and kills the groundskeeper.  Dr. Sherman reveals to Jacob that he has been contract killing since he was around Jacob’s age, and his plan is to have everyone in the house killed in a fire. Jacob also finds out that it was his stepfather, Davis, who had him sent there to rid himself and Isabel of him. Jacob manages to  bludgeon Dr. Sherman to death and set him on fire.  He evacuates everyone from the house except Christine, whom he leaves for dead as a way of avenging Frederic's death. Having declared his love for Christine, Jacob peels off his dress, showing his true, naked self to his friends for the first time. Now rescued, the children reunite with their parents, as Jacob whispers to Phil's father that he knows of his intention, and promises to make him regret it if anything happens to Phil.  Throughout the film, the audience is shown flashbacks where, being forced into hiding during World War II, Jacob's grandmother Feiga, a recluse, sharpened her teeth with a nail file, while her compatriot, Tsipi was frequently raped and tortured by a Nazi soldier in exchange for her life. Back at home, having finally overcome his fear of the dark, Jacob waits as Isabel’s terrified screams are heard from the dinner table. Davis dies from ingesting poisoned wine (tainted by the same poison Dr. Sherman used to attempt to kill Mrs. Ramsay). Jacob taints his lips red with blood, mirroring Feiga ripping out the Nazi’s throat with her fangs; suggesting that just like Feiga, hardships have made him a fighter albeit a monster.
Adam Merkin, a white graduate student at Berkeley, is writing a thesis on the use of the word "nigga" in battle rap. To research, he attends a rap battle between rappers X-Tract and Behn Grym and brings his girlfriend Maya along; Maya is offended by the sexism she perceives in the bars used in the battle. Adam attempts to interview Grym and is made fun of for his rhetoric. In the parking lot outside the event, Grym is called out by young white rapper Billy Pistolz, but Adam steps in and delivers a freestyle verse accusing Pistolz of cultural appropriation. An impressed Grym agrees to speak with Adam further.  Adam's father, Professor Merkin, is a best-selling author and professor at Berkeley. When Adam runs the idea of his thesis by his father, he is met with more ridicule. Adam accepts an offer by battle promoter Donnie Narco for a battle for newcomers against Korean rapper Prospek. At the battle, Adam attempts to perform joke lines but doesn't get the reaction he hoped for; he falls back on Asian jokes, winning over the crowd and taking the battle. Adam also meets rappers Che Corleone, Devine Wright, and Megaton, who is known for his aggressive persona.  At a vegan restaurant, Adam attempts to convince the disapproving Maya that it's okay for him to keep battling but insults both her and a waitress in rhyme, angering her and getting himself ejected from the restaurant. Maya later leaves Adam after his rapper friends offend her. After an event where Adam, Che, Devine, and Grym all win their battles, they attend a house party hosted by Megaton where Che has sex with Megaton's girlfriend, porn star Bella Backwoods. An enraged Megaton challenges Che to a battle in the coming days.  Adam tries to stay with Grym, who reveals his life outside battle rapping: he is a video game designer with a wife and a child with cystic fibrosis. He states that he maintains his privacy because he doesn't want people to use personal insults against him and, as such, never uses personal insults himself. Grym offers Adam to stay at his house, but his wife accuses Adam for appropriating black culture and refuses to let him stay.  Adam is contacted by another promoter, offering him the chance to battle Grym for $5,000 at the same event as Megaton and Che's battle, but he turns it down, stating that battle rap has ruined his life. Maya then uses an online video of Adam's battle with Prospek as supporting material for her own thesis, turning the student body of Berkeley against him. His father also disowns him, and the dean of the school suspends his scholarship. Left with no other choice, Adam calls the promoter and accepts the battle.  At the event, Adam and Grym go head to head. Grym delivers scathing but fictional bars against Adam, but Adam betrays his friend to win by using Grym's actual personal details against him, with emphasis on his daughter's illness. While enraged during the battle, Adam gets angry at two other rappers who are talking during his round, and he and Grym perform a seemingly impromptu two on two battle against them.  Afterwards, Grym informs Adam that they are no longer friends, because while other battle rappers' cruelty is merely an act, Adam's battle rapping has become an outlet for his actual cruelty. Grym departs, saying he needs to be where he belongs; with his family. Desperate, Adam attempts to call Maya and ask her to marry him, but she lashes out at the ridiculousness of the idea and tells him to stay away from her.  Megaton "bodies" Che during their battle, even bringing his girlfriend out to rap about how bad he is at sex. Afterwards, Megaton starts insulting the crowd, daring anyone to challenge him. Adam, left with nothing else, steps into the ring and takes on Megaton in an impromptu freestyle battle, who hits him in the face and knocks out a tooth during his verse. Unfazed, the bloodied Adam gets back on his feet and calls Megaton out for putting on an aggressive act. Megaton concedes the battle to a triumphant Adam. Afterwards, Adam, now sleeping on a park bench on the Berkeley campus, watches a video of his new widespread fame on his phone and says he's decided what his rap name is, but the film cuts to credits before he can say. The song "My Name Is" plays during the credits, heavily implying that Adam metaphorically represents Eminem's alter ego Slim Shady.
Three college-age girls, Holly, Cali, and Mel, become bored when they return home for the holidays. Cali convinces the others that they should go to her uncle's house, where they can party. Mel and Holly are hesitant at first, but ultimately agree to go with Cali.  As the girls drive to the house, Holly calls her boyfriend, Ben, and invites him to join them. Cali is annoyed by the suggestion, noting that she had intended a "girl's night out." The girls finally get to the house and have a good time, but this falls apart when Holly finds photographs showing that Cali is unrelated to the owners.  Holly confronts Cali, who admits that the house does not belong to her uncle, but to a friend and that they are not technically supposed to be there. Holly and Mel insist that they leave, but before they can, Arthur, the groundskeeper, arrives and surprises them.  Thinking that the girls are thieves, Arthur tries to apprehend them but falls down the stairs and appears to die. The girls panic and decide to fabricate a story to convince the police: Arthur entered the house and attacked Holly, but fell down the stairs in the process and broke his neck. They then take steps to falsify evidence: Cali tears out a lock of Holly's hair and Holly scratches herself with Arthur's fingernails. While falsifying evidence, Holly finds out that Arthur is not actually dead but is actually paralyzed from the neck down. Cali suggests that he will die soon and recommends that they wait for a while to ensure that he is really dead.  Holly's boyfriend, Ben, eventually arrives at the house and tries to enter, still thinking that it belongs to Holly's uncle. The girls drag Arthur into a living room, and Cali answers the door and accuses Ben of cheating, hoping that he will leave. Ben forces his way into the house and confronts Holly, nearly discovering Arthur. Meanwhile, Arthur uses his teeth to pull off a tablecloth, causing a tray holding glasses to fall to the ground and shatter. However, Ben does not hear the noise and leaves without discovering the girls' plot. Cali, enraged by Arthur's actions, decides that Arthur will not die anytime soon and declares that they will have to kill him themselves. Holly and Mel are resistant to Cali's idea and insist that they will turn themselves in to the police instead. Cali appears to agree and leaves, stating that she needs to find her phone so that she can call the police. After she leaves, Holly and Mel discover that Cali had left the phone in the same room and deduce that she had instead gone to kill Arthur.  Holly and Mel rush to the living room, only to discover that Cali has already smothered Arthur with a pillow and that he is finally dead. Holly attacks Cali, but Cali easily overpowers her and ties her up. Mel and Cali leave the room, and Cali proposes killing Holly and pinning the crime on Arthur. Mel agrees, but before they can kill Holly, they discover that she has cut herself loose using a piece of broken glass. Holly and Cali fight for a while, but Holly gains the upper hand and bludgeons Cali to death with a table leg.  Holly and Mel weigh their options and decide that it is best to stick with their original story but add that Arthur had first killed Cali before falling to his death. The film concludes with a scene of police officers photographing the scene of the crime and comforting Holly and Mel, whose story they apparently believe.
Jennifer takes several of her friends to a remote cabin in Texas, where her father died. There, locals warn them of hostile creatures that, according to legend, murder the men and abduct the women. The creatures, which resemble the legendary Bigfoot, eventually show up and attack Jennifer and her friends.
"In 1985, Queen, wait to perform at Live Aid. Fifteen years earlier, in 1970, Farrokh ""Freddie"" Bulsara works as a baggage handler at Heathrow Airport and lives with his parents and sister. He goes to a pub to see a local band Smile perform. Seeking them out after the show, he meets and is attracted to Mary Austin, who works at the boutique Biba. He finds drummer Roger Taylor and guitarist Brian May and learns that their lead singer has just quit the band. Farrokh offers himself as a replacement and impresses them with his vocal ability. Farrokh seeks out Mary at Biba and they start dating. The band plays gigs across Britain with Farrokh as the lead singer and a new bassist, John Deacon. Farrokh pushes them to think bigger and sells their van to finance a record album. As the band records, an A&R rep from EMI asks engineer Roy Thomas Baker for demos.  Farrokh changes his name to Freddie Mercury and renames the band Queen. They sign with John Reid, who books the band an American tour. Paul Prenter, who is attracted to Freddie, manages their daily schedule. An appearance on Top of the Pops gives Queen their first hit, ""Killer Queen"". Freddie proposes to Mary but begins questioning his sexuality. In 1975, Queen record their fourth studio album, A Night at the Opera, placing extensive effort into recording Freddie's magnum opus, ""Bohemian Rhapsody"". However, they quit EMI when executive Ray Foster refuses to release it as the album's lead single. Freddie conspires with radio DJ Kenny Everett to debut the song on his program. Despite critical pans, ""Bohemian Rhapsody"" becomes a global hit, launching Queen to international superstardom. Following a world tour, Freddie begins an affair with Paul and comes out to Mary as bisexual. She counters that he is gay and they call off the engagement but remain close friends. 	 The band's success continues into the early 1980s with the songs ""We Will Rock You"" and ""Another One Bites the Dust"", but tensions arise over Paul's negative influence on Freddie. At a lavish party at his home, Freddie is attracted to a waiter, Jim Hutton, who tells Freddie to find him when he learns self-acceptance. Paul encourages Reid to persuade Freddie to go solo, but when the idea offends Freddie, Paul feigns ignorance and Freddie fires Reid without consulting the band. Afterwards, Queen's lawyer, Jim ""Miami"" Beach, takes over management. In 1982, during a press conference about the band's album Hot Space, the press bombards Freddie with questions about his sexuality.  Freddie's relationship with the band further deteriorates after the campy music video for ""I Want to Break Free"", where the band appears in drag, backfires and he signs a $4-million solo deal with CBS Records, effectively breaking up the band. He records his 1984 solo album Mr. Bad Guy in Munich and engages in drugs and gay orgies with Paul, but starts to feel unwell. Mary, now married and pregnant, visits unexpectedly and urges him to return to Queen and participate in the benefit concert Live Aid. Realizing that Paul withheld news of Live Aid from him and has been a corrosive influence, Freddie fires him. In retaliation, Paul goes public about Freddie's sexual escapades. 	 Freddie returns to London to reconcile with the band and persuade them to play at Live Aid as a last-minute addition. He learns that he has AIDS and reveals his condition to the band, but brushes off their sympathy, wishing to focus on performing and making music for however long he has left. The band embraces in solidarity. On the day of Live Aid, Freddie reconnects with Jim Hutton, Mary, and his family, and heeds his father's Zoroastrian maxim, ""Good thoughts, good words, good deeds"". Freddie and the band are in top form at Live Aid, performing several hits including ""Bohemian Rhapsody"", ""Radio Ga Ga"", and ""We Are the Champions"", and helping to increase donations.  	 A series of intertitles recount Freddie's final years. He remained friends with Mary and was in a loving relationship with Jim until his death of AIDS-related pneumonia, in 1991, at age 45, after which Queen and Miami established the Mercury Phoenix Trust."
American tourists Jenai and Riley arrive in Iceland and visit several landmarks.  Riley has taken his father's Rolleiflex camera and plenty of film.  When Jenai questions why he prefers it over a modern digital camera, Riley says he prefers to capture the imperfections of the moment rather than have a computer chip auto-correct all the errors.  They visit an old church, and a priest tells them some of its history, calling the pre-Christian times simpler.  Jenai reveals that her father is a preacher, though she says his church was not as pretty.  After retiring for the night, Jenai seems to wake up in the middle of the night and has trouble falling back asleep.  Looking out the window to admire the view, she sees strange flashes of the Northern Lights in the distance.  Hours later, Riley wakes Jenai to get breakfast.  They are frustrated to find that their lodging is not serving breakfast, then confused when they find no staff.  They continue having trouble locating other people once they leave: the streets are empty, the stores have no staff, and nobody answers their calls.  They spot a running car, and, not being able to locate the owner, appropriate it.  As they discuss the possible reasons why the city has become empty, Jenai repeatedly attempts to contact her family in America to no avail.  The power and water remain running, but the live television stations broadcast only test signals.  Confused, Riley and Jenai return to the hotel after eating, finding no websites have been updated since yesterday.  Riley remains optimistic, and suggests they make the most of the situation.  He leads them on a shopping spree, eventually filling up two SUVs with goods from the seemingly abandoned stores.  He amuses himself by photographing Jenai at scenic locations and performing stunts.  Jenai, however, begins sinking into depression, missing her old life.  She is further frustrated when Riley injures himself during a reckless stunt, and she pressures him to promise not to put himself at any further risk.  As their supplies grow scarcer, Jenai and Riley are forced to ration.  Riley angers Jenai when he eats perishable food out of the agreed-upon order based on expiration date.  He says he can simply farm for more food if necessary, but she insists they follow the agreement.  Seeing Jenai's poor mood, Riley attempts to cheer her by bringing her to the abandoned husk of an airplane he found.  Riley calls it beautiful, but Jenai sees only a reminder of the dead world they now inhabit.  After Jenai becomes overwhelmed by the decaying city, Riley suggests they go camping.  Exploring a cabin, they come upon an old man named Nils.  After they give him food and water, he explains that he left the city early on and returned to his cabin.  Initially excited to find another survivor, Riley becomes frustrated with Nils' defeatist attitude. Nils tells Jenai about his home life: as a young man, he left his family for lengthy periods to make money as a fisherman.  When he returned, he found they had changed.  Jenai is disturbed when he says he did not protest this, as he believes it is useless to fight against God's will, which he says does not take humanity into consideration.  The next morning, Riley tells Jenai that Nils has died.  Thinking back to his philosophy, she asks why they should even bother burying him.  Riley insists on doing it because "it's what we do".  After they return to the city, Jenai becomes obsessed with searching for more survivors.  Riley suggests she is looking for answers where there are none and that they should instead be trying to make the best of their new life.  Jenai excitedly opens an email waiting for her on their laptop but is crushed when it is revealed to be a picture from Riley, who is enthused about taking pictures of Iceland in a new season.  Riley, when he returns home, becomes concerned when he finds a package of developed pictures left for him by Jenai.  Looking all over for her, he finally finds her body floating in a geothermal pool, having apparently drowned herself.  Riley initially attempts suicide but instead drives off, anguished, without burying her.
On December 12, 1997, 19-year-old American punk musician Brian Theodore Deneke (March 9, 1978 – December 12, 1997) was killed in a deliberate hit and run attack in Amarillo, Texas, by 17-year-old Dustin Camp. Camp was later found guilty of voluntary vehicular manslaughter and sentenced to ten years' probation and a $10,000 fine, which was later dropped. In 2001, he was sentenced to eight years' imprisonment for a variety of parole violations. He was paroled under supervision on July 31, 2006. The homicide and the outcome of the trial against Camp galvanized the punk community and raised accusations about the social tolerance of the Texan city. This film is about the events of that night and some of what led up to it, as well as the way the police, the adults and the community re - murdered Brian Deneke, victim blaming and police terrorizing one group of children whilst looking the other way of another group of children for the same actions.  Brian Deneke is a 19 year old from Amarillo, Texas, who is into punk and the punk rock subculture.  He is a local DIY promoter who books touring punk rock bands at a small run down venue.  In this conservative town, there are many teenagers who actively follow punk and they routinely clashed with the jocks from one of the local high school's football team: The Tascosa Rebels.
The film tells the story of three protagonists: Benny Parrish, a young boy diagnosed with bipolar disorder whose troubled soul and vivid imagination create both suffering and joy for him and his complex and loving family; "CeeJay" (played by Cedric Thompson), a black teenager and aspiring football player who has taken refuge in Bombay Beach hoping to avoid the same fate of his cousin who was murdered by a gang of youths in Los Angeles; and that of Red, an ancient survivor, once an oil field worker, living on the fumes of whiskey, cigarettes, and an irrepressible love of life. Together they make up a triptych of American manhood in its decisive moments, populating the Salton Sea's land of thwarted opportunity. The New York Times writes, “[Bombay Beach] feels like a fever dream about an alternate universe. Suffused with a sense of wonder, it hovers, dancing inside its own ethereal bubble.”  Har’el explains about the film, “This film can only serve to show glimpses into some of the larger issues one can pick out from these people’s lives and the way in which they live their lives in this particular place. All these things that can be perceived as wrong or right, or bad or good, all reside together, side by side. This is the human experience of life and that’s what I wanted to illustrate more than anything, how things co-exist, all the wrongs and the rights together, the love and the violence, the broken dream and the persistence of dreams. Even though the dream is broken, you can still see the people.”  From Salon: “You either like this kind of ambitious, brave, borderless experiment or you don’t, and I think it’s absolutely magical and tragic. Maybe it took a foreign-born Jewish filmmaker to make a movie that seems so positively biblical (…) about the current conditions of America.”
After co-moderating the 2016 Republican debate, Megyn Kelly faces numerous insults from Donald Trump, who is angry because she asked him about his offensive comments toward women. Under pressure from the network, and after receiving death threats and unwanted paparazzi attention, Kelly eventually reconciles with Trump.  Meanwhile, Gretchen Carlson is removed as co-anchor of the popular Fox & Friends show, and is transferred to a less popular show. Inundated by sexist comments on and off the air, including by Roger Ailes, Carlson meets with lawyers, Nancy Smith and Neil Mullin, who explain that Carlson's contract prevents her from suing the network, but she can sue Ailes personally.  On her first day on The O'Reilly Factor, Kayla Pospisil meets fellow female staffer Jess Carr, and the two have sex. The next day, Ailes begins sexually harassing Pospisil. Pospisil begins to tell Carr about what happened, but Carr interrupts, saying she cannot get involved.  Carlson is later fired, ostensibly for her on-air support of the federal assault weapons ban, and decides to sue Ailes. When the news breaks the next day, Ailes denies the allegations and Kelly admits to her core team Ailes sexually harassed her when she started at Fox. In the following weeks, despite a number of other women voicing their public support against Ailes, Kelly conspicuously refuses to make a comment on Carlson's accusations.  After more women accuse Ailes, Kelly starts to find other women at the network. Kelly visits Pospisil, and the two confide in each other. Kelly advises Pospisil to come forward, and after consulting with Carr, she does. Through her attorneys, Carlson later informs Ailes she has recorded conversations to support her claims, deliberately withholding them from Ailes’s lawyers in order to undermine his credibility. Defeated, Ailes is fired by Fox co-creator Rupert Murdoch. Ailes settles Carlson's lawsuit for $20 million and an apology from Fox, but the agreement contains a non-disclosure agreement. Fox eventually paid the victims of sexual harassment $50 million, while paying Ailes and O'Reilly $65 million in severance.
In the 1890s, brigands Purvis and Buddy encounter a Native American burial site. They are ambushed and Buddy is killed while Purvis escapes. Purvis reaches the nearby town of Bright Hope and buries his loot; seeing this, Deputy Chicory reports him to Sheriff Franklin Hunt, who shoots Purvis (who tells the sheriff his name is Buddy) in the leg when he attempts to escape. Hunt sends the confident gunslinger John Brooder to fetch the town's doctor, but ends up fetching Samantha O'Dwyer, the doctor's daughter and assistant, who is caring for her injured husband Arthur. Hunt leaves Samantha in the sheriff's office with his other deputy, Nick, to tend to Purvis' wounds. That night, a nearby stable boy is killed.  Hunt learns of the murder and goes to his office finding it empty, with an arrow left behind. The Professor, an educated Native American, links the arrow to a tribe that he refers to as "Troglodytes" and locates the valley they inhabit on a map, warning Hunt that they are a group of inbred cannibals shunned and avoided by other native tribes. Certain that Samantha, Nick, and Purvis have been captured by them, Hunt forms a rescue party with Chicory and Brooder. Arthur insists on accompanying them to find his wife, despite his injury.  Days into their ride, two strangers stumble across the rescue party's camp and are killed by Brooder, who fears they are scouts for a raid. The rescue party set up a new camp, but are ambushed by raiders who injure Brooder's horse and steal the rest. The following day, a fight breaks out between Brooder and Arthur, exacerbating Arthur's leg wound. Chicory leaves him to recover while he, Hunt, and Brooder continue on foot. Reaching the valley, the rescue party are ambushed by the Troglodytes. The rescuers kill three, but Brooder is injured, choosing to sacrifice himself, rather than live as 'a cripple'. Hunt and Chicory are captured and imprisoned.  Hunt and Chicory find Samantha and Nick in a different cell and learn the Troglodytes have already killed and eaten Purvis. The group witnesses Nick stripped, brutally scalped, bisected alive, and then consumed. Hunt tricks several Troglodytes into drinking liquor laced with opium tincture, with one dying while another becomes unconscious. Arthur follows the men's trail and discovers the valley. He kills two Troglodytes and discovers they use an animal bone in their windpipes as a whistle. He blows on it, luring another Troglodyte, then kills him.  In the cave, the Troglodyte leader grows angry at the poisoning. The Troglodytes cut open Hunt's abdomen, shove the heated opium flask into the wound, and shoot him. Arthur arrives and aids Hunt in killing the leader, and frees Samantha and Chicory. A mortally wounded Hunt stays behind with a rifle, promising to kill any surviving Troglodytes when they return, to prevent them from terrorizing Bright Hope. As the three leave the cave, they see two pregnant Troglodyte women, who have had all their limbs amputated and stakes driven into their eyes to blind them. After the party is at a distance from the valley, Arthur blows on the Troglodyte whistle, with no response. They then hear three gunshots.
After school on Tiffany's 18th birthday, Tiffany (Diamond White) and her friend Gabriella (Inanna Sarkis) encounter Tiffany's dad Brian (Tyler Perry) and brother B.J. (Dee Dubois) outside the school. Tiffany's mom, Brian's ex-wife Debrah (Taja V. Simpson) arrives with her new husband Calvin (Akende Munalula) and they surprise Tiffany with the car she wanted (and hoped her father would give her). She and Gabriella drive it recklessly to the Upsilon Theta frat house where they hear that Jonathan (Yousef Erakat) and the others are having a Halloween party at Lake Derrick. She hopes to make it up to them after what happened last year.  Brian goes home where Madea (Tyler Perry), Joe (Tyler Perry), Bam (Cassi Davis), and Hattie (Patrice Lovely) are waiting at his house to surprise Tiffany with Gabriella's dad Victor (Tito Ortiz). She tells her friend Leah (Lexy Panterra) about the party and asks her mom if she can go. She says yes to upset Brian. Madea overhears Tiffany's conversation about the party and immediately tells Brian, but he agrees to let her go so that he can teach her a lesson. Unhappy about Brian's decision, Madea decides to go to Lake Derrick with Joe, Bam, and Hattie to get Tiffany, who rounds up Gabriella, Leah, and Anna (Hannah Stocking), a girl who's stalking Horse (Brock O'Hurn), and they arrive at Lake Derrick in her new car. The frat boys meet up and have fun with the girls until some of them disappear after seeing "Derrick", his brother, and his daughters.  On the way, Madea accidentally hits one of "Derrick's" daughters with her car when she mysteriously appears on the road. Madea, Bam, and Hattie check on the girl, who pulls her hair and shows her scarred-up face to everybody. The ladies run back to the car, but the girl appears on top of the car, scaring everyone again, and Joe immediately drives away.  Back at Lake Derrick, Tiffany, Gabriella, Leah, and the remaining frat boys are at the campfire discussing the murders that happened in the area at the hands of "Derrick". Gabriella doesn't want to hear this and insists on leaving. Horse and Leah sneak away to have sex, under the guise that they will look for ice for the cooler. While on the truck, the two find blood and are immediately confronted by "Derrick" and his family. "Derrick" and his family chase them into the woods with Horse getting caught and presumably killed. Leah runs out of the forest and sees Madea and the gang, deciding to wait with them for the car to stop smoking, until Bam sees a "Grim Reaper" figure standing in the middle of the road. Madea initially thinks this is just another one of the frat boys' pranks until the figure slashes one of the Cadillac's tires, but Joe continues to drive it anyway.  Gabriella reluctantly seeks safety in a tent with Dino (Mike Tornabene), a frat brother who had been flirting with her all night, but they discover "Derrick" and his daughters outside the tent. In another tent, Tiffany hooks up with Jonathan until "Derrick" tears down the tent. Tiffany, Gabriella, Jonathan, and Dino escape from the camp after Tiffany tries unsuccessfully to call her mom.  Madea and the crew finally arrive at the camp. Madea accompanies Hattie to an old outhouse to go to the bathroom. While waiting, Madea spots a masked, axe-wielding killer coming out of the river and immediately runs away. Inside the outhouse, Hattie spots the girl trying to grab her and she runs away. Madea and Hattie arrive back at the car, but Joe spots "Derrick" and drives away.  At the DeShields County Sheriff Department, Debrah and Calvin desperately ask the sheriff (Barry Stoltze) to check for Tiffany at Lake Derrick, but Brian says he will go look for her with Victor.  Madea's car stops in front of an old abandoned house, where the girl scares everyone out of the car into the house. They find Tiffany, Leah, Gabriella, Jonathan, and Dino hiding there. Inside, Hattie and Madea witness Joe being dragged away by "Derrick" and his brother. Then "Derrick" saws off Madea's car. The girl appears inside, scaring everyone out. Brian and Victor are waiting for them where they reveal that they had been pranking them for lying and sneaking out where the twin acrobats at Tiffany's birthday party posing as the girl.  At the DeShields County Sheriff Department, Debrah learns of Brian and Victor's prank where she is learning to co-parent. Debrah agrees and the people who were "killed" are safely locked at the sheriff department for trespassing and having drugs. While Victor plans to have his revenge on Horse for hitting on Gabriella and Anna was also involved in Brian's prank, Madea ducks out of sight as she mentions to Bam that there is a wanted poster of her on the wall.  Outside the sheriff department, Brian and Victor realize that the masked chainsaw killer at the outhouse was not part of the prank....he is the actual Derrick. When Derrick spots them, they drive away. A still-alive Joe asks him if he can help him deal with his problem with Madea and he nods in response.
Jonathan and his fraternity brothers invite Tiffany Simmons and her friends Rain Mathison, Leah Devereaux, and a reluctant Aday Walker to a Halloween party. Tiffany's father Brian forbids her to attend and is later aghast at her smutty video chat with Jonathan. That night, Madea and Aunt Bam distribute candy to trick-or-treaters, though Bam steals candy back from them. Joe dresses as a clown to frighten the women, with their friend Hattie Mae Love as his accomplice. Brian arranges for Madea (who brings along Joe, Aunt Bam, and Hattie) to stay at his house to prevent Tiffany from attending the party while he works late and takes his son Brian Jr. (B.J.) to his ex-wife's house, but his reluctance to put his foot down and be firm with his daughter appalls the four elders. To keep the oldsters busy so they can sneak out, Tiffany and the still-reluctant Aday invent a ghost story that leads the superstitious adults to hide in the bedrooms.  Upon overcoming the superstition to check Tiffany's bed, Madea realizes that the girls are at the party, so she crashes it to look for Tiffany, but gets ejected along with Bam and Hattie after shutting the party down by turning off the music. Upon returning home, the women then put a permanent end to the party by calling the police on the frathouse. Aday overhears the brothers planning revenge against Madea and her friends. The boys pose as the ghost from Tiffany's story, hacking into the house's wiring and plumbing, and sneaking into the attic; Madea, Bam, and Hattie flee the house, pursued by the brothers and partygoers dressed as zombies. Joe stays at the house and knocks out a frat boy dressed as a deranged clown, who reveals Jonathan's scheme to Joe.  Madea runs into a church where Aday's parents are ministers; Madea comes to believe the supernatural threats are punishment for her sins and hopes salvation will protect her. Aday and her parents then reveal Jonathan's scheme, with the former adding that it was payback against the women for shutting the party down; Aday, Madea, Hattie and Bam plan a comeuppance for the fraternity. They return to Brian's house and force him to return home to deal with Tiffany's misbehavior, but he continues to be reluctant to take any real action, not wanting to use the old-school methods that his father and aunt used on him. Finally fed up, Madea, Bam, and Hattie storm up to Tiffany's room to confront her, pack her things to throw her out of the house, and even take some things for themselves. Tiffany looks to her father for help, but when he refuses, she finally calls him out for being such a pushover with everyone and reveals her knowledge of her mother cheating on him in their house, as well as that she knew that he knew about her mother's infidelity and she was appalled when he didn't confront her; this made her lose respect for her father.  At this, Brian finally toughens up and helps the women pack up Tiffany's things. He then confirms to Tiffany that he knew about the affair, but took no action and walked away to protect Tiffany and her brother from all the drama and pain. Brian explains that he makes the rules and decisions that he does to protect his children so they can live their lives and make mistakes responsibly. He then issues Tiffany the ultimatum of either living there with him and abiding by his rules or packing up and going out into the streets on her own. Finally getting the message of what being an adult is truly about, Tiffany apologizes to her father and the women for her behavior and agrees to live by her father's rules. Then the police arrive to reveal that Aday has gone missing and arrest Tiffany in connection with her disappearance.  The next day, the police go to the frat house; scrambling to figure out what to do, the brothers discover Aday's seemingly-murdered corpse in the basement. The officers arrest the boys along with Tiffany, Rain, and Leah for Aday's murder when they find the corpse; they also arrest Rain, Leah, and the boys for bringing the underage Tiffany and Aday to the party. They load everyone onto a prison bus with other prisoners and a brawl breaks out on the bus. The boys and girls (sans Tiffany) panic until Aday appears, alive and unharmed; the arrests were a prank to punish everyone's misbehavior. The boys and girls apologize to the women and Aday for everything they caused. Brian, a federal prosecutor, reveals that the police officers are real, not actors as Madea had thought. The police find marijuana in the frat house and an officer recognizes Madea. She, Joe, and the brothers flee as the film ends.
Four women have participated in their monthly book club for 40 years, bonding over the suggested literature, and have become very good friends. One day, as they read Fifty Shades of Grey, they are intrigued by its content. Considering this a wake-up call, they decide to expand their lives and pursue pleasures that have eluded them.  While flying to visit her daughters in Arizona, Diane meets Mitchell and they strike up a relationship – although she is hesitant because her husband died only a year ago and she has not dated in decades. Vivian spends more time with Arthur, but her fear of commitment makes her keep him at a distance. Carol is frustrated with her husband's refusal to have sex with her, and reading the book makes her realize they are missing something. Sharon starts an online dating account to start dating again.  The group goes on to read Fifty Shades Darker and Fifty Shades Freed at the book club, while trying to figure out how to solve their problems. Diane's daughters see her as needing them to look after her, continually pressuring her to move to Arizona although she does not want to leave her friends.   Diane sneaks away to see Mitchell, and when her daughters cannot reach her, they send the police out to find her. On discovering her at Mitchell's, they insist she move into the basement of one of their homes, essentially ending her relationship with him. Eventually, Diane tells her daughters that though she is older, she does not need to be under surveillance. She packs up her belongings and leaves for Mitchell's, where they resume their relationship.  Arthur asks Vivian to commit to being in a relationship and she declines, despite his assurances that he wants her to continue being independent. Soon after he leaves for the airport, Vivian realizes she has made a mistake and goes after him. She misses his airplane, but on returning to her hotel she finds Arthur waiting for her and they rekindle their relationship.  Carol, frustrated that Bruce is refusing to have sex with her, tries various ways to entice him, to which he is oblivious. She eventually spikes his beer with viagra, which angers him as that is not what is causing the problem, and they continue to not have sex. Bruce admits that he has been stressed because he retired, and does not know what to do with himself. They eventually reconcile after dancing together in a fund-raising talent show.  After a few dates with men she meets online, Sharon decides that the scene is not for her. She then gives a speech at her son's joint engagement party with her ex-husband, where she realizes that everyone deserves to be in love and happy. She opens her online dating account again, in the hopes of finding someone.
Sofie Talbert is a hard-hitting journalist against illegal immigration to the United States. Learning that her brother in Mexico has gone missing, she goes to find him and uncovers the brutal reality of the desperate people who risk their lives to cross into the States.
The film follows three animal families through the course of a year in the wilds of China: the giant panda, the snow leopard, the golden snub-nosed monkey, & the chiru antelope.  In the Qinghai Plateau in western China, lives a mother snow leopard named Dawa, who has two cubs. Dawa struggles to keep her cubs safe from danger, like a rival snow leopard, who is encountered & easily driven off in spring, but soon returns in fall with three of his sons and attacks Dawa, but she cannot chase all off and allows them to stay. Winter approaches and Dawa tries hunting a sheep but is injured. A year goes by, and in the spring, she dies from being charged at by a domestic yak while trying to hunt down its baby, while Dawa's cubs live together without their mother.  Far to the east of Dawa, in the Sichuan mountain valleys of central China, lives a young golden snub-nosed monkey named TaoTao, who is jealous of his newborn baby sister, but to make matters worse, his parents start to neglect and reject him. TaoTao soon befriends a group of young outcast monkeys called "The Lost Boys", led by an adult male monkey named Rooster, but after the leader gets into a fight with TaoTao's father in autumn, the young monkey himself abandons the Lost Boys and rejoins his family in winter. At first, they won't let him in, but decide to bring him into their warm arms. When spring approaches, TaoTao spends more time by himself and less time around his family, but when a Goshawk is about to catch his sister, TaoTao comes to the rescue and is welcomed back into his family's arms.  Right next door to TaoTao, in a lush bamboo forest on the other side of the mountain, lives YaYa the giant panda and her new daughter MeiMei. The baby becomes fascinated by the wonders of their home, but YaYa is overprotective for her, knowing that danger can be by at any moment. Time passes, and MeiMei grows into a healthy young Panda. She dreams of climbing a tree after noticing a red panda. MeiMei soon becomes a young adult, and in the spring, she successfully climbs a tall tree for the first time. Proud of her daughter, YaYa knows that is time to say goodbye, and departs into the forest.  Up in the higher elevations of western China, a herd of chiru antelope live on the plains near the Qinghai Plateau. Every spring, the females leave for Zhuonai Lake in the uplands to raise their young, while the males are left behind. After the young are ready for the journey home in autumn, they set for home & their fathers, while having to face wolf threats that want to eat the young. Upon return, the mating season restarts, as the males & females cannot identify their mates & young after being distanced from each other for 2 seasons.  The film ends with the animals living their own lives. Dawa's cubs remain in the mountains, playing with each other, TaoTao and his father take a walk in the river, a giant panda (possibly YaYa) has another baby, and a chiru spends his days running and impressing a mate, growing every day. The narrator also says that, in Chinese mythology, when one life ends, a red-crowned crane carries that soul, to rejoin the cycle of birth and rebirth.
Born To Race is the story of Danny Krueger (Joseph Cross), a rebellious young street racer on a collision course with trouble. After an accident at an illegal street race, he is sent to a small town to live with his estranged father (John Pyper-Ferguson), a washed up NASCAR racer. Attending high school, Danny meets Jessica (Nicole Badaan). She invites him to a party. Attempting to integrate, Danny accepts the invitation. At the party Danny runs into the local hot shot Jake Kendall (Brando Eaton). The two characters clash. Jake rules the neighborhood fiercely, and Danny will have to live up to those standards in order to become accepted, which means that he shall have to race again.  Meanwhile the relationship between Danny and his father has its own ups and downs. Danny cannot get over the fact that his father left him and his mother when he was still a young child. In his struggle to find his ways in his new hometown, he cannot get around his father, and through dialogue the two slowly come to realize that they have more in common then they suspected. When Danny decides to enter the NHRA High School Drags, he is forced to seek his father's help in taking down his rival Jake Kendall. Danny and Jake both advance to the finals. In the finals, Danny narrowly wins the race after Jake is injured in a fiery crash.
After 9/11, the United States government realized that narcotics were responsible for financing the majority of terrorist cells. That is why they created the International Drug Task Force (IDTF). The IDTF task forces are fully funded and overseen by the United States government. They took their top narcotics officers and created interdiction teams throughout Asia and Eastern Europe.  Bobby Samuels (Steven Seagal) heads an IDTF team in Bucharest, Romania. Six months ago, Bobby's partner was killed. Now, headquarters has sent him a new partner named Steve (D. Neil Mark). Steve's wife is eight months pregnant, and he would really like to make it home to see the birth of his child.  Russian drug kingpin Dimitri (Dan Bădărău) has a wife (Silvia Stanciu) and a young son (Ștefan Iancu), both of whom he holds sacred, and they are not aware of his drug business. Recently, Dimitri has formed a drug dealing partnership with Costel (Darren Shahlavi), a Romanian man who runs the Roma Ace, one of the most popular clubs in Bucharest.  Costel and his men specialize in home invasions - they invade wealthy people's homes, steal whatever loot they can get, and kill the family. During each invasion, Costel himself rapes and kills the wife. And Costel owes Dimitri some money. Dimitri has threatened that Costel will die if he does not come up with the money.  Bobby and Steve are put on Costel's trail, and Bobby tries to get Dimitri to point them to Costel, but Dimitri is suspicious at first. After Bobby and Steve arrest Dimitri in an effort to get him to help them, Dimitri butts his head through a door window of their SUV, and accuses Bobby and Steve of brutality. Dimitri gets released, and Bobby and Steve continue their hunt for Costel.  One night while Dimitri is away from his mansion, Costel and his men break into the mansion, and Costel's right-hand man Dada (Zoltán Butuc) fatally shoots Dimitri's wife. Before Costel can kill Dimitri's son, Dimitri's men intervene, killing a couple of Costel's men as Costel and Dada escape.  Dimitri arrives at the mansion, learns what happened, and vows to make Costel and Dada pay. Dimitri's traumatized son describes his wife's shooter to him. Dimitri contacts Bobby, and offers to help Bobby find Costel, if Bobby will let Dimitri handle Dada himself. Bobby agrees, and he, Steve, and Dimitri set out to bring Costel and Dada down.
A woman moves into a new home to provide better care for her brother, who suffers from severe cerebral palsy. They soon discover that the house holds a terrifying, deadly secret.
In the Old West, a sheriff and his young son are traveling on a wagon trail. The sheriff gives his son his own pocket watch and his hat for good luck. During their trek, their stagecoach is attacked by bandits. While the sheriff attempts to fend off their attackers, the son drives the wagon, but loses control when it collides with a rock, breaking a wagon wheel, and causing the sheriff to be flung over a nearby cliff's edge. The son recovers, and observes the damage. As he looks around, he finds his father hanging on to a lower rock ledge. Attempting to reach his father with his hand, he isn't able to reach him; subsequently, the sheriff hands his son his rifle for additional leverage, and the son begins to pull him up. Before the son can pull his father to the top of the cliff, he puts his finger inside the trigger guard and accidentally fires the rifle, killing his father by mistake, leaving the young son traumatized.  Many years later, the son has risen to the office of the sheriff, and visits the cliff where his father died. Reliving the events of that day, he contemplates suicide, unable to cope with the guilt. He allows himself to slip off the cliff's edge, but when he sees the pocket watch his father gave him, he attempts to climb back onto the cliff, almost falling off in the process. He manages to get back up and retrieves the pocket watch, then breaks down crying. He cradles the watch in his hands and breathes deeply in a short moment of solace. He holds the watch close to his heart, and it starts ticking.
After serving 17 years in prison for a violent mistake, Sonny returns to his Bronx neighborhood and to his baseball aspirations.
A couple traveling along Route 66 toward Los Angeles stop at a hotel. When Scarlett (Jena Malone) disappears, Alex (Douglas Smith) begins a search then is brought into the desert by a masked stranger. Alex wakes, only to find himself in a different life although he retains memories of Scarlett.
Nolan Mack has worked at the same bank for almost 26 years in a life of monotony. He and his wife, Joy, have embraced their marriage as a convenient and comfortable distraction from facing reality. What starts as an aimless drive down an unfamiliar street turns into a life-altering decision for Nolan when he meets a troubled young hustler named Leo on his drive home from visiting his ailing father at a hospital.  Nolan begins to seek Leo out and spend time with him. As Nolan spends more time with Leo, he finds himself breaking from the confines of his old life and come to terms with who he really is. He begins to behave out of character, oversleeping, and missing important meetings.  Nolan attempts to help Leo escape the life of prostitution by getting him a job, which he fails to show up for. He also encourages him to return to school and offers to help him financially. One day, Leo shows up at Nolan's workplace asking for help. Nolan walks Leo out of the building and is confronted by Leo's pimp, demanding $3,200. During the conflict, the bank's patrons are observing Nolan, Leo and the pimp in the parking lot and someone calls the police. The police show up and escort the pimp away in handcuffs. Nolan then takes Leo back to his house, as his wife is out of town on business. Leo leaves the home sometime after Nolan falls asleep. Joy arrives home from her business trip early and wakes Nolan up.  Soon thereafter, Nolan and his wife are preparing to have dinner with the regional bank manager and the local branch manager regarding a potential promotion for Nolan. Prior to leaving for the dinner, Nolan receives a phone call and leaves. He tells Joy to go on to the dinner and that he'll meet her there. Nolan arrives at the hospital, where Leo is recovering from an overdose. Nolan is directed to Leo's room by a doctor, only to realize that Leo is no longer there. The hospital staff believe that Leo checked himself out and left. Nolan starts looking around town for Leo. He goes to his apartment and the place that they met, but he never finds him. While searching for Leo, Nolan has missed the business dinner. He decides to return home and arrives to find an angry Joy waiting for him. She asks why he never showed up and indicates that she knows Nolan is having an affair with a man. Nolan tells her that he wants to leave the marriage. Joy says that she would like to keep their life the same, while Nolan says that he's ready to live in the real world and stop pretending that he is someone that he is not.  Nolan packs up and quits his job, tells his best friend that he is moving to New York City, and meets a man, presumably on a date, in a cafe. Joy appears to move on as well, taking a cruise as she has always wanted to.
Michelle Mulan, an attractive woman in her forties, is a real estate broker who has recently been promoted at a failing firm. Although she is fully qualified for her new position, she was promoted because of her father, Walter's, status as chairman. While other executives want to sell the firm, she thinks it would be more of an advantage for her father's company to merge with a larger firm.  Despite unfulfilled sexual desires, Michelle does not cheat on her boyfriend George. As a single mother, she struggles to raise her teenage daughter, Dara, who wants more freedom in her life. Michelle takes Dara to a local restaurant dinner one evening, where she meets a man named Ryan Black, 15 years younger than she, who becomes enamored of her. After dropping Dara off at home, Michelle returns to the restaurant, where Ryan tries to seduce her. She fends him off, but accepts his telephone number. Although, initially, she decides not to meet him, but the next day, after the merger is authorized, she does meet with him. After rejecting a marriage proposal from George, Michelle goes out with Ryan. On their date, he introduces her to the world of BDSM, after which Michelle cheats on George. After breaking up with George, Michelle begins to date Ryan, easily giving in to his dominating personality.  Falling in love, Michelle begins to call Ryan her "master" and refers to herself as a "messy whore." At a benefit dinner, Ryan begins to insult Michelle's client, Jesse Aaron, and to operate a vibrator egg she is wearing while she is with Jesse. Still, Michelle manages to get Jesse to consider a merger.  Michelle decides to learn more about being dominated and quickly finds that she enjoys submitting to Ryan's will. She learns that Ryan has a criminal record. She continues to try to negotiate a merger deal with Jesse Aaron in order to save her father's firm and continues to see Ryan, surrendering to him completely, while learning more and more about the submissive lifestyle. Along the way, she also learns how to become a dominant, and a woman at a BDSM club warns her that Ryan is a predator.  Unknown to her, Ryan also rapes Dara and has made her a submissive. Seeing this, Michelle finally throws off Ryan's bonds and uses her new-found sexual prowess to take control of her life. Ryan assaults her when she confronts him at his loft about his grooming and rape of Dara, but Michelle knocks him unconscious with a camera tripod. She takes him to his private dungeon and binds him, turning him into her submissive. After torturing Ryan, Michelle turns him over to the police for raping her underage daughter.  With her newfound confidence, Michelle seals the deal with Jesse Aaron and the merger of Walter's company to Jesse's is successful which impresses Walter so much that he makes Michelle a full partner in the company. Afterward in the final scene, Michelle signs the paperwork in her office finalizing the business merger with Jesse's company... and then makes him her submissive.
The film begins with a man driving his van to an abandoned house in a remote area. He cooks a meal and brings it to the basement, where a girl is being held captive, with her leg chained to the floor. Without him noticing, she pulls out a brick and hits him violently on the head. She searches for the keys, unlocks the chain holding her leg and uses it to chain his leg.  She rushes out of the house, just to find out she's completely stranded in the middle of nowhere, with no one to ask for help. She can't start the van because she doesn't have the van keys. After finding a phone inside the house, she tries to call the police, but it doesn't work. While searching for the van keys, she discovers a revolver and a folder containing photos of some girls, along with their names (even her own photo). She quickly learns that she's not the only victim of Phil.  She takes a bath, puts on Phil's clothes before getting back to the basement. She holds the revolver at Phil, asking him where the other girls are. He dares her to kill him, telling her that he's the only one that knows their whereabouts; if she kills him, she will kill them too (he informs her that there are 4 other girls in total). He also makes a deal with her: he shows her the girls, she brings him to the hospital. She goes upstairs, makes a snare, puts it around his neck and leads him to the van, forcing him to take her to the closest victim: a black girl named Nina.  Eve finds Nina at the first house, but when she finishes unlocking the chain holding Nina's leg, she rushes out of the house in a hysterical fear - despite Eve's explanation that she's trying to help her. Nina trips over a water hose and falls onto a metal fence, which impales her neck and kills her.  Eve makes Phil drive to the next house, where she finds Laura - the second victim - in a room chained to the ceiling. He frees her, but right then, he tells Laura that Eve is about to take her place. Laura angrily beats Eve, giving him the chance to get the snare out of his neck. Eve shoots Laura dead in self-defense and shoots his leg before he can attack her. She beats him with a wooden bar before taking him to the van. He taunts her that she caused the death of those victims (Nina, Laura, and Dylan - another victim girl who appears in the flashback footage with Eve at an amusement park. It is later revealed that Dylan is Eve's sister; she was held captive in the same basement with Eve, and she was dead). She ties him up with duct tape and drives to the next house.  She gets in the house alone and finds Lea - the third victim - chained in a dark room. Right then, two men - one fat and one skinny - get in the house and go upstairs, ready to rape Lea. Eve recognizes the skinny one to be the rapist that sexually attacked her before. Eve shoots both of them, killing the fat guy immediately and leaving the skinny guy bleeding to death.  Lea accompanies Eve to the next location: an abandoned warehouse. They find some girls inside a locked room. They tell Eve and Lea that the kidnappers brought them there, they couldn't do anything but wait for those men to take them away. Eve leaves Lea at the warehouse, telling her to keep an eye on the girls and call the police. When she returns to the van, she finds Phil sitting in the front seat. He distracts her when a tall guy (presumably the captor of the girls in the warehouse) sneaks behind her, then grabs her and subdues her. When she wakes up, Phil is holding her tight, telling the tall guy to shoot her leg, like she did to him before. But at that very moment, Lea appears and hits the tall guy on the head with a spanner, killing him. Eve beats Phil for tricking her. Lea then stays at the warehouse when Eve goes with Phil to the final house.  She gets in the house to find no one but her boyfriend Ronnie (who also appears in the flashback footage with Eve and Dylan) sleeping on an armchair. Panic-stricken, she holds the revolver at him and interrogates him why he's there (because it's not his house), and why Phil knows his name (Phil keeps calling Ronnie's name on the way to the houses). He concocts a story that the police didn't help him to find Eve, and in the desperate attempt to look for her, he lost his job. He tries to calm her down, but she suddenly hears a noise at the closet and she takes him there. Eve spots the photos of the victim girls in a folder, but Ronnie again lies to her that on the way searching for her, he found and rescued many girls, except her. She orders him open the closet door and turn on the light. To her horror, she finds Katrina - the last victim - lying inside. Eve now realizes that her boyfriend and Phil are behind all of the kidnappings, including hers. In the van, Phil cuts the duct tape holding his hands, but before he can start the van to get away, he hears gunshots and sees the light flashing inside the house several times, suggesting that Eve shoots Ronnie dead. At that time, the police arrive at the warehouse and free all captive girls there, including Lea.  Eve leaves the house, shoots the van in a frenzy of rage, before telling Phil that they will go to the “final address”, where it turns out to be Phil's house (a flashback reveals that she asks Ronnie for Phil's address before finishing him off). Afraid that his wife and daughter may find out his true colors, he pleads with her not to go there, but this bears no fruit. She throws him in front of his house. His wife is terrified to find her husband severely beaten. She quickly brings him into the house, but before his daughter closes the door, a hand (Eve's hand) holds it open, implying that she comes back to exact her revenge on Phil. What really happened to him and his family remains unknown.  The movie ends with the satisfied Eve walking away, then standing on the street, with a cold and murderous look on her bloody face.
Laura Jaconi's therapist works her through trust and abandonment issues, stemming from her father Jack's lifetime of treatment. His lack of respect for her boundaries is problematic, causing her to cope strangely  by adopting abandoned pets.   At home there is a motley collection of nine dogs and cats with various maladies. When Jim, a man that single-mom Laura has been seeing, is woken by a cat scratching his face, he breaks it off. Her teenaged son Henry gives him a twisted sketch of how he imagines him naked as a parting gift.    Dropping Henry off at school, Laura asks him to keep out of trouble as she'd rather not deal with the principal again. Arriving late to her work as an executive assistant, her excessively wealthy boss drives her crazy over her daughter's sweet-16 party, as she's nit-picking everything.                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                 After school, Laura does have to meet Henry's principal. Not only has he slapped her as he tried to get back at one of his tormentors, but she found a lewd sketch of herself. He gets expelled, so Laura is given a list of private schools to try.   Desperate, needing to pay for an expensive private school, Laura finally calls back Jack looking for help. He's desperate also, as his home is throwing him out for dealing. They do a trade, he'll help get her the money in exchange for picking him up.   As Laura and Henry head to the home, she calls her sister JoJo in LA, asking her to take in their father. Although not too excited to do it, she says yes so they visit. At the home, Jack shows his grandson the greenhouse holding his huge crop of marijuana, the reason he's being discharged. He then insists Laura drive them in his Rolls under the guise of them spending time together, implying he has stage four cancer.  Laura convinces her workmate Serge to take in five of their dogs and make up a sick leave excuse, in exchange for a future date. The makeshift family with four dogs do a road trip down the coast from Seattle, through Oregon, San Francisco, and LA. Although she wants to drive straight through, Jack reprograms her sat-nav, and they stop at art forger Stan's for the night.   Jack confides in Henry, showing him the trunk holds weed worth 200,000. He confesses he's a low level drug dealer, explaining he needs help to unload it on their route. At dawn, unbeknownst to Laura, Henry helps Jack deliver to a buddist colony.  Several stops later, Jack coerces them to stop at Henry's dad Leonard's, who'd abandoned them and divorced Laura three years ago. Henry pretends he wants closure but neither father nor son is interested. Laura sleeps with Leonard, but in the morning realizes that their relationship, or lack thereof, is equally toxic as that of her father. He is not remotely interested in helping with Henry's private schooling. Laura discovers Leonard's remarried and tells Jack, who warns him to stay away from them all, punching him. Leonard retaliates by telling her that Jack's distributing on their way.  Laura finally makes Jack see how much he's hurt her over the years, then proceeds to scatter the remaining bags of product over the asphalt. Just then, a police cruiser approaches, so she frantically retrieves them. Once the officer runs her license, he takes her into the station for over 3,000 in unpaid parking tickets.  Jack's last drop is at his friend Joey's, but before he can leave with the money two black-clad figures burst in, demanding it. Their voice-disguising equipment fails and Joey realises it's his grandson. Laura jumps in behind them with a bow and arrow, scaring them off.  Finally arriving to JoJo's, Jack is underwhelmed, although the evening ends well. By morning he has left with the car, however left a large amount of money for the private school. Laura, Henry and five dogs, one which they adopted on the trip, head back to Seattle by bus.   In Seattle, checking in with Serge, Laura confirms their Friday date, then she and Henry arrive home. Jack surprises them with yet another stray, announcing he's there to stay and plans to change.
Two of the highest ranked bounty killers in the Thrice Burned Lands, Drifter (Matthew Marsden) and Mary Death (Christian Pitre) team up to exterminate a party full of yellow-tied corporate criminals.    In the town of San Dalloosa, Drifter and Mary arrive at Daft Willy's Chop Shop and Bounty Supply, a converted jet fuselage from the Corporate Wars where bounty killers exchange the bodies of slain targets for cash.  A crowd has gathered at the entrance to welcome the heroes, and while Mary basks in her fans’ adoration, Drifter meets a gun caddy for hire named Jack LeMans (Barak Hardley).  Drifter is not in the mood to hear Jack's offer of service, so he leaves him at the gate and heads on into Willy's.  Inside is the proprietor, Daft Willy (Kevin McNally).  He's an English thug in a blood-soaked apron who will log your kills for the Council of Nine while delivering you a healthy, filth-laden dose of sass.  Willy tells Drifter a new death warrant has been issued for their friend Snaggletooth Harry.  Drifter's distress over this revelation attracts the attention of Mary, who enters with a cart full of dead executives.  She's curious to know why he'd make such a big deal out of a small-time collar, telling him “He must be your snitch.”  Just then, Jack springs out of Mary's cart. Willy, Drifter and Mary all pull their guns.  Jack pleads for one chance to prove he's the world's greatest gun caddy.  Drifter decides to give him a shot, knowing he'll probably be dead within a week anyway.  After the bounty killers leave, Daft Willy receives a new death warrant on his Council-Comm printer. The look on his face tells us this isn't your everyday warrant.  Jack and Drifter practice tossing guns back and forth from Drifter's chopper to Jack's scooter.  They're on their way to Harry's Whisky Saloon in Drip Rock to find out why he's a wanted man.  Meanwhile, Mary works on her Mustang’s rear differential which was overstressed by the massive pile of bodies she towed on her trailer.  She fixes the car, kicks the trailer away and vows to her car, “No more attachments, just like mama.”  At that moment, a tiny car approaches.  Out pops Greg Gunney (Jeff Meacham), a sleazy salesman in a sport coat/turtleneck combo.  He offers Mary a chance to “join the team” and use her celebrity to endorse his company, Wasteland Resorts—a subsidiary of Second Sun Enterprises, the mysterious company of yellow-ties Mary encountered at the loft party.  Mary sees through Greg's scheme and executes him and his bodyguard with her signature go-go boot spur-kick-to-the-throat move.  Upon searching his car she finds a disturbing death warrant—it's for Francis Gorman, aka “Drifter.”  In the town of Drip Rock, Drifter finds Harry dead, surrounded by copies of the Francis Gorman death warrant. It is a trap. Mary arrives in Drip Rock and confronts Drifter about the poster. She is furious that he lied to her. Drifter assures her that there is some sort of mistake and that he is going to the Council building to work it all out. She does not let him off that easy. She fires her gun at Drifter, which sends him flying out the second story window. Upon landing, he is attacked by several goons with yellow ties. He calls to Jack to grab the bikes. Although they are grossly outnumbered, the bounty hunters eliminate their attackers while arguing about whether or not Mary gets to tag along to see the Council. Just as the last goon drops dead from his sniper post, Jack and Drifter race out of town. Mary puts her hair up and struts to her Mustang.  Outside the town, Mary fires at Drifter and Jack.  Jack tells Drifter she won't be a problem because he modified the car's boosters while they were in Harry's Saloon.  Mary kicks on her boosters, sending the vehicle into a violent donut spin before bursting into flames.  Jack: “That’s not supposed to happen.”  Drifter looks back to a soot-covered Mary to make sure she's alive.  She looks back to Drifter with deep anger in her eyes.  Back in Drip Rock, a slick Corvette stingray enters the town square, now littered with the bodies of several yellow ties.  Behind the wheel is Van Sterling (Gary Busey), a high ranking executive at Second Sun.  He questions one of the struggling henchmen and learns the bounty killers got away and are on their way to the Council.  Van then answers a call on his briefcase video phone.  He relays the information about the bounty killers to his boss, a severe business woman in yellow stilettos by the name of Catherine (Kristanna Loken).  She encourages him to “finish the job” or she will have no choice but to terminate him.  Van promises to track down the bounty killers and “keep the killing alive.”  Later that night, Drifter explains to Jack that he's a wanted criminal and that he should take off.  Jack vows to stay.  Suddenly, out of the darkness, Drifter is approached by a skull-faced assassin who holds a knife to his throat.  This is a Gypsy.  Drifter and Jack are tied to a pole in the middle of a rambunctious celebration at a Gypsy camp.  Heavy drinking, fire dancing and other revelry surround the two prisoners.  From the largest tent enters the Gypsy Queen, Mocha Sujata (Eve Jeffers).  Mocha interrogates Drifter, wanting to know the location of Nuri, a Gypsy girl who escaped their camp many years ago.  “She mentioned the name Drifter.”  Mocha, not happy with Drifter's refusal to give up any information, orders another Gypsy to burn him with her fire wands.  Despite the extreme torture, Drifter keeps his mouth shut.  Mocha calls off the interrogation for the night, leaving the prisoners alone.  Drifter confesses to Jack that the Gypsies are looking for Mary.  Jack doesn't understand why Drifter would risk their lives for a woman who tried to kill them, but then realizes that Drifter must be in love with Mary.  Drifter explains how he first met Mary many years ago when she lived her life as a Gypsy named Nuri.  Nuri approached him while he was in the company of a prostitute Estelle (Mindy Robinson) and demanded he teach her how to be a bounty killer.  While training her, they fell in love.  But the relationship ended when Drifter suggested they get a place together and settle down.  At daybreak, the Gypsies are all passed out from a hard night of knocking back pots of roach liquor.  Drifter and Jack have cut themselves free from the pole.  They climb atop a Gypsy coach (an Airstream trailer pulled by three motorcycles) and make their escape from the camp.  Upon hearing the engines’ roar, the Gypsies awake and chase after their prisoners.  A Western-style stagecoach scene unfolds when Jack and Drifter try to eliminate their pursuers.  A bazooka finishes them off and allows the guys to ride off into the desert.  Mary arrives at the Thirsty Beaver, the bounty killer training facility and tavern where she lived during her training with Drifter.  Inside she finds the Beaver's owner, Lucille (Beverly D’Angelo).  Lucille helps Mary get cleaned up and back on the road with her old Gypsy bike.  She makes sure Mary leaves with her chest-plate armor, telling her “Sometimes it pays for a girl to be practical.”  Jack and Drifter pull the Gypsy coach up to a small shack in the middle of what appears to be a junkyard.  Outside the shack is a Chevy Nova painted up in Pabst Blue Ribbon race car livery.  Drifter tells Jack they need the help of the car's driver, a coyote named Jimbo (Abraham Benrubi), who will help them get across the Badlands and over to the Council building.  Jimbo tells the guys there's too much risk and that he's not willing to do the job no matter what price they're willing to pay.  Drifter convinces Jimbo by offering him a six-pack of Pabst Blue Ribbon, Jimbo's favorite drink and a rarity in the post-apocalyptic world.  Mary is lost in the Badlands, a war-torn city engulfed by a violent nuclear storm.  She sees a beacon that leads her to Azimuth's map shop.  Inside she meets the mapmaker and pleads with him to help her find her way out of the Badlands and over to the Council building.  He refuses to help her until he looks up and realizes she's the famous Mary Death.  He then offers to help in exchange for an autograph.  Jimbo successfully makes his way through the Badlands in record time.  To celebrate, he cracks open a can of Pabst.  “Now I can die a happy man.”  Just then Jimbo is shot in the arm by an unseen assailant.  The car takes several more hits from a sniper in the hills while Drifter, Jack and Jimbo take cover.  Drifter soon realizes the shooter is Mary.  He convinces her to come down from the hill and talk it out.  Mary points a gun at Drifter and tells him he's a dead man.  Jack has had enough.  He loses it, exclaiming that he's sick of all the guns and the Badlands and Gypsies trying to eat them.  He tells Mary that Drifter was beaten to hell by the Gypsies but never gave her up because he loves her.  He also points out that Mary could have easily shot Drifter, but she didn't because she loves him.  Mary drops her gun and agrees to let them use her map to get to the Council.  The group arrives at the Council building and finds the village destroyed by an army of yellow-ties.  Inside the Council chamber are the slain bodies of the Council judges.  Drifter explains how he knew there must be something wrong.  He knew the Council personally.  In fact, he was offered a position to be the tenth judge but refused in order to become the first bounty killer.  Mary is distraught by the Council's death, but agrees they must go after those responsible—Second Sun.  Just then our heroes are captured and surrounded by another group of yellow-ties including Van and Catherine, who we learn was once married to Drifter.  Catherine explains her plan to pin the death of the Council on Mary Death so Second Sun can step in and promise a better life to the survivors of the Thrice Burned Lands.  Just when we think all is lost both groups are attacked by Gypsies!  During the fight, Jimbo is shot again but saved by Jack who hides him in the trunk of the Nova.  Mary leaves Drifter to fight with Mocha.  Then Jack leaves Drifter to fight with Van.  Drifter is then knocked unconscious and taken aboard the Second Sun helicopter with Catherine.  They fly away as the battle rages on.  Mary kills Mocha, but is severely injured in the process.  Mary awakes in a Gypsy tent to find Jack at her bedside.  He tells her the Gypsies are now under her control because she killed their queen.  They make a plan to free Drifter from Second Sun with the help of Mary's new Gypsy army. Inside Second Sun we find Drifter shaven and wearing a suit.  He's tied to a chair in a glass office.  Catherine enters and tells him she'd like to reinstate his position as CEO of Gorman Enterprises, now owned by Second Sun.  She thinks his “Drifter” celebrity will inspire market confidence.  “Run this company with me, Francis.  It’s the only thing you’ve ever been good at.”  Just then Mary and Jack burst into the office bullpen with their Gypsy army.  They knock Catherine unconscious and rescue Drifter.  Jack, now a quick and precise gun caddy, assists Drifter and Mary as they unleash their fury upon the employees of Second Sun.  Just as they're about to make their escape, Mary is shot down by Catherine.  Drifter kills Catherine and runs to Mary's lifeless body.  He then realizes Mary is wearing a chest-plate.  Jack and Drifter carry Mary to safety.  Mary and Drifter spend two weeks naked in each other's arms back at the Thirsty Beaver.  Jimbo gives Jack his last can of Pabst to thank him for saving him from the Gypsies.  Mary, now in a new black leather get-up, comes down the stairs and hops into her new cherry-topped death machine, a gift from Jack to make up for blowing up her old one.  She tells Jack she's off to do battle with another branch of Second Sun then hits the gas and takes off.  Drifter runs out, stabbed again in the spleen by Mary.  She looks to him in the rearview: “Come and get me, old man.”
A group of young college students find an old 15th-century coffin, which is equipped with a part clockwork-mechanical/supernatural contraption that enables contact with spirits and even allows one to experience becoming a ghost for a period of time, whilst cheating death's grasp. Their first adventures in this mystery world brought by said 'box of shadows' is just innocent playful fun. But the casket soon brings out their more purely evil side, manifesting their more dangerous impulses and darker desires. Plus, seeing as they are essentially cheating death when they're in that induced ghostly state, 'Death' itself soon comes to claim their decaying souls. A reminder that 'cheating death' is never an option. Eventually showing the group that the thin line between life and death exists for a very specific reason.Box of Shadows First Look
Jared Eamons is the son of Marshall Eamons, a successful car dealer and Baptist preacher in Arkansas, and Nancy Eamons, a hairdresser. He begins his first day at the Love in Action gay conversion therapy assessment program in Memphis, Tennessee.   Chief therapist Victor Sykes tells the group that their sexuality is a choice influenced by poor parenting. He instructs them to perform harsh "moral inventories" of themselves and their families and requires them not to tell anyone else about what occurs during the sessions. While performing his moral inventory, Jared thinks of his life prior to entering the program.   In high school, he was happy, though he broke up with his girlfriend upon starting college. Once there, he became friends with another student, Henry. While staying the night in Jared's dorm room in bunk beds, Henry rapes Jared, apologizes and tearfully confesses doing the same to another young man. Traumatized, Jared returns home.  Henry calls the Eamon home and poses as a school counselor in order to out Jared and ensure his silence. Jared tells his parents this was another student who had told him things about his past and was afraid of Jared revealing his secrets. Jared later agrees that he is attracted to men. After consulting with other pastors, Marshall prays over his son, and then signs him up for conversion therapy, to which Jared reluctantly agrees.  Nancy rents a nearby motel room for her and Jared to stay in until he completes the assessment; however, Jared soon discovers that the therapy has no set end point if he fails to convince Sykes that he has become heterosexual. Some students are confessing and playing the game so they can leave; others truly hope to change.  Jared tells his mother the program teaches the participants to see their parents as troubled and that is why they are not supposed to talk about what goes on to them, to safeguard the program's continued funding. Nancy insists Jared let her read the program's handbook, which contains questionable psychology and many grammatical and typographical errors.  It appears that Jared will be at the institution for some time. After failing an exercise, attendee Cameron is humiliated by Sykes in front of the group and intimidated with a fake funeral service. He is beaten with Bibles by both the therapists and his own family and is forcibly dunked in a bathtub as a horrified Jared looks on.  Returning to his moral inventory, Jared thinks of a brief encounter he had with an art student in college. He uses it when it is his time to confess, but Sykes finds holding hands with a boy to be an inadequate admission and pushes him to give more explicit details. Jared says he will not lie, so Sykes pushes him to talk about Henry. He is shocked and refuses, so Sykes then attempts to make Jared "use his anger" and say he hates his father. Jared refuses to do this, as it is Sykes that he is angry with.   Jared storms out of the room, retrieves his phone and calls Nancy, begging her to pick him up. Sykes, his assistants and the other attendees corner him behind a locked door despite Nancy's presence. Cameron stands up for him and helps get Jared to Nancy, who takes him home.  Nancy is horrified that she has allowed her husband to enroll Jared in an unvetted program without researching its practices. Marshall remains adamant about Jared remaining in the program, but Nancy steadfastly overrules him. Soon after, Jared learns from the police, via his mother, that Cameron committed suicide while still in the program's care. Marshall approaches Jared to console him, but Jared turns away.  Four years later, Jared is living in New York City with his boyfriend. He writes an article that exposes the realities of the Love in Action program. Jared returns home to convince his father to read the article and tells him he is the one who must change, not Jared. He invites his father to join his mother in visiting him at Christmas.
21-year-old Ricky is a transgender woman living in a small town in Kentucky with big dreams to move to New York and attend a school of fashion design. Ricky is working as a barista and spends most of her time hanging out with her only friend Robby, who has been by her side for the past 15 years. One day while Ricky is at work, Francesca, a woman from town, walks in and a friendship unexpectedly blossoms that then turns into an affair.
A young boy named Sean Donovan lives with his mother and abusive alcoholic father. A carjacker attacks his family one night, which results in his mother's murder. Afterward, his father Terry moves them to a nicer neighborhood.  Ten years later, Sean is an excellent student but is antisocial and distant from his peers. He sees abuse in everyday arguments among those around him. He trains in self-defense skills and begins to carry a weapon at night. During an attempted mugging, he kills a man. An eyewitness statement draws the interest of Teresa Ames, who has recently been promoted to the NYPD homicide division. She takes an interest in Sean, who frequents the police station as he searches for the information on his mother's murderer.  Teresa befriends him and learns about his life, including his interest in a toxin named Tricelaron. He insists it was part of his research for a chemistry paper. She also finds that he speaks fluent Chinese after he angrily berates rude staff in a Chinese restaurant. Later on, Sean defends a young woman who is being abused by her pimp. He fights with the pimp before shooting and killing him.  While riding the train, Sean encounters an unkempt man under the influence who is verbally threatening a Chinese family and other passengers of the train. In Chinese, Sean tells the boy to tell his family to leave the car. He puts on black face paint and brutally beats the man with brass knuckles. Teresa and her partner, who happen to be on the train, investigate, but Sean gets away without being identified.  Teresa learns that the perpetrator spoke fluent Chinese and suspects Sean. Despite her supervisor's warning not to investigate Sean, she persists. Finally, the now-retired supervisor tells Teresa that the young Sean was able to clearly identify his mother's murderer from a photo book, but his father Terry convinced him to change his story. The murderer is identified as Larry Childs, a contract killer, whom Teresa arrested six months ago, but has just managed to get a two-year sentence, and entry into the witness protection program through a plea bargain.  As Sean walks down the street, he sees parents disciplining their children, but they are inflated in his mind to abusive violence. During a school party, Sean has a violent flashback of his mother's murder, and recalls hearing the killer call his father by his old boxing nickname. Enraged by the memory, he savagely beats a fellow student who has been harassing a female friend. Teresa, while investigating Sean, finds a picture at his house of Terry and the murderer Larry together and realizes that they knew each other before the attack.  Sean believes that Terry staged the attack to obtain his mother's life insurance to pay off his debt. Sean confronts his father, but Terry adamantly denies he killed his own wife. Convinced of his father's guilt after realizing that his father prevented him from identifying the culprit from the beginning, Sean shoots and kills Terry. Teresa finds Sean, but he says someone broke into their home and killed his father. Teresa sees the murder weapon and disposes of it.  Sometime later, Sean sends a letter to Larry, who is currently serving his two-year sentence. In the letter Sean expresses his forgiveness to Larry but pleads with him to reveal the truth of his mother's murder: was his father involved? He offers a simple way to reply and includes a self-addressed, empty envelope, a red stamp, and a black stamp. He asks Larry to use the black stamp if his father is guilty or the red stamp if his father is innocent. Larry licks the stamp and after handing it to a guard, falls to the floor of his jail cell, unable to breathe. Sean has laced the stamp glue with Tricelaron and Larry dies. When Sean receives the letter, he stares at the red stamp it bears, knowing fully well that Larry would never give him the truth.
In 1982, Brad Roberts is Worcester High School's star football quarterback and dating the captain of the cheerleading squad. He secretly plays in a heavy metal band, and dreams of being a pop star. Brad's parents are separated, but still live together, with his mom's new boyfriend Lou Pearlman. Lou is inspired to create the first ever American boy band, and Brad decides to become a part of it.
Stet Tate is a 12-year-old student who is disruptive and often gets in trouble, but displays a natural affinity with music. His single mother, who was struggling with a drinking problem, dies in a car accident. His father, who has a wife and two daughters sends him to an elite music boarding school, the American Boychoir School, to keep Stet's existence a secret. Stet is admitted due to his vocal ability but also the generous amount of money the father pays them.  Stet struggles to fit in, because the other pupils are privileged children, and he cannot read music. Stet's behavior is also problematic for some of the staff. However, he works hard, learning music theory and practicing his vocal technique, and becomes one of the best singers, which allows him to join on the choir's tours.  Stet's father's family receives tickets, anonymously sent by the school, for an important performance of the choir. Stet's father does not want to go, for fear of revealing his secret son, but the family attend. After the concert he decides to transfer Stet to a school in Switzerland, but Stet, encouraged by staff member Carvelle, refuses to go. Carvelle threatens the father to expose his secret, and the father keeps Stet at the school.  Stet and Devon, another student, develop an antagonistic relationship. Devon exposes Stet's mother's criminal record to the other students, causing Stet to beat him in his room. The teachers council considers expulsions for both of them, but delays the decision as those students are needed for a concert in New York's Riverside Church. Stet sings a descant, which includes a D in alt, to Handel's Hallelujah chorus, but soon after, Stet's voice starts to change as he grows older.  The father ultimately tells his family, and his wife accepts this. Stet starts living with them in New York.
In 2002, 6-year-old Mason Evans lives with his divorced mother, Olivia, and 8-year-old sister, Samantha, in a small town in Texas. Mason overhears Olivia arguing with her boyfriend, saying she has no free time due to parenting.   In 2003, Olivia and the children move to Houston so she can attend the University of Houston and get a better job.   In 2004, Mason's father, Mason Sr., visits Houston and takes Mason and Samantha bowling. When he drops the children off at home, he argues with Olivia while Mason and Samantha watch from a window. Olivia takes Mason to one of her classes, introducing him to her professor, Bill Welbrock; Mason sees them flirt.  In 2005, Olivia and Bill have married and blended their two families. They share experiences such as playing video games and attending a midnight release of Harry Potter and the Half-Blood Prince. Mason and Samantha are enrolled in the same school as their step-siblings, Mindy and Randy. There, Mason befriends Nicole, who has a crush on him.   In 2006, Mason and Samantha bond with Mason Sr. as he takes them out for a day in Houston, culminating in a Houston Astros game and a sleepover at his house. Olivia continues her education and is initially supportive of Bill's strict parenting style, which includes many chores for the children and an enforced shaving of Mason's long hair.   In 2007, Bill gradually becomes abusive and violent towards Olivia and the children due to his recent alcoholism. After he assaults Olivia, she moves out with Mason and Samantha to a friend's house and files for divorce while her step children stay with their father, since Olivia is unable to locate their biological mother, facing an uncertain future.   In 2008, Mason Sr. learns that Samantha has a boyfriend and talks to her and Mason about contraception. Mason Sr. takes his son camping and they connect through music, film, and Mason's blossoming interest in girls. Mason and Samantha have grown into their lives in San Marcos, a town close to Austin.  In 2009, Mason is bullied at school and playfully teased on a camping trip but starts receiving attention from girls. Olivia takes a job in teaching psychology at college and moves in with Jim, a student and Iraq War veteran.  In 2010, Mason has started high school and experimented with marijuana and alcohol. Mason Sr., who has remarried and has a baby, takes Mason and Samantha to visit his wife's parents. For Mason's 15th birthday, Mason Sr. gives him a suit and CDs; Mason's step-grandparents give him a Bible and a shotgun.   In 2011, Mason is lectured by his photography teacher, who sees his potential but is disappointed in his lack of ambition. Mason attends a party and meets Sheena, who becomes his girlfriend. After Mason arrives home late one night from a party, a drunk Jim confronts him about his late hours. Olivia and Jim subsequently break up, and the family's financial situation worsens.  In 2012, Mason and Sheena visit Samantha, who is attending the University of Texas at Austin, where they share their hopes and fears about college. Samantha's roommate discovers them asleep together in her dormitory.   In 2013, during the end of Mason's senior year in high school, he has a painful breakup with Sheena, wins the second place silver medal in a state photography contest, and is awarded college scholarship money. Mason's family throws him a graduation party and toasts his success. Mason Sr. gives him advice about his breakup. Planning to sell the house and downsize, Olivia meets Samantha and Mason for lunch and asks them to sort through their possessions. Later that year, as Mason prepares to leave for college, Olivia breaks down, disillusioned by how quickly life has passed. At Sul Ross State University in Alpine, Mason moves into his dorm and meets his new roommate Dalton, Dalton's girlfriend Barb, and Barb's roommate, Nicole. Mason takes drugs given to him by Barb and the group goes hiking at Big Bend Ranch State Park. Nicole shares with Mason her belief that, rather than people seizing moments, moments seize people; Mason agrees.
Several months after the events of the previous film, Yuri Boyka is now a free man and has a manager named Kiril. Boyka still fights in underground matches in Kyiv, Ukraine. In a match, Boyka accidentally kills his opponent Viktor and begins to regret and thinks about what he is fighting for. After discovering Viktor has a wife named Alma, Boyka tells Kiril to make a fake passport and goes to Russia to meet Alma. In the Russian town of Drovny, Boyka finds out that Alma owes money to a crime boss named Zourab. Alma lives in a community center and serves as a waitress in Zourab's underground fighting club.   Zourab is now searching for a good martial artist to fight in his club. Boyka wants to help Alma pay her debt so he makes a deal with Zourab that he will fight for him in exchange for Alma's freedom. Zourab agrees and suggests Boyka to fight in three matches. Alma invites Boyka to the training room in the community center for his training. Boyka easily defeats his opponent in the first match and then must fight two brothers in the second match, where he defeats them by double knockout. In the community center, Boyka asks Alma why she does not leave the town. Alma tells that she cannot leave the children and the center as the children could become gangsters or bad guys.   In the third match, Boyka defeats Igor Kazmir, who is the elite henchman of Zourab. Boyka is about to leave, but Zourab forces him to fight one more match to defeat his true champion. Boyka reluctantly agrees. Zourab bribes a high-ranking police officer to bring Koshmar to his club. Koshmar is a giant, furious and relentless martial artist. Zourab thinks Boyka cannot defeat Koshmar as he has a large and strong body. After some intense moments, Boyka breaks one arm and one leg of Koshmar and finally kicks him out of the ring, knocking him unconscious.   Enraged, Zourab takes Alma as a hostage and orders his henchmen to kill Boyka, but Boyka kills all of Zourab's henchmen and chases after him. Boyka gets shot, but he grabs Zourab and chokes him to death. An injured Boyka asks Alma if she can forgive him for what he did to Viktor and is arrested by the police. Six months later, Alma visits Boyka in prison and tells that she finally forgives him. Boyka continues fighting in the prison to pursue the title of most complete martial artist in the world.
The film starts in 2003, the day before 22-year-old Jack Farmer (Luke Moran) ships out for Iraq, having joined the Army Reserves in hopes of being part of something bigger than himself.  He and dozens of other young men arrive at Abu Ghraib, a prison located 20 miles from Baghdad. CO Capt. Hayes (Scott Patterson) greets them with a rousing speech about them standing on the front lines of the war against terrorism, but the poor living conditions and boredom begin to wear on the soldiers. Jack requests MP duty, undaunted by the cautionary tale of an earlier volunteer who had the same idea and wound up shooting himself in the foot to escape. With no training, briefing or idea what to expect, Jack is transferred to "Hard Site"—a cellblock that supposedly houses hard-core terrorists. His new boss, Sgt. Tanner (Sean Astin), tells him that the Hard Site's guiding principle is "no compassion"; their job is to "soften up" prisoners for military interrogators. This includes tactics like sensory deprivation, humiliation and isolation.  Jack has his reservations about the treatment of detainees at the prison. He strikes up a friendship with one of the detainees Ghazi Hammoud (Omid Abtahi), a London-educated engineer. Just days before they were scheduled to return home, Jack and his unit learn that their tour of duty has been extended by six months. They are devastated but continue their day to day duties. Hammoud is subjected to multiple rough interrogations. The guards shackle him to the cell so he is forced to stand and tell Jack to let him shit himself. When Jack finally confronts his fellow soldiers, defending Hammoud's innocence, he learns that Hammoud has confessed to building a bomb that killed 18 civilians in a coffee shop. Jack confronts Hammoud asking if he killed "innocent people" to which Hammoud replies that they were not innocent. Jack breaks down and subsequently adopts a more aggressive posture, treating the detainees less kindly than he had prior to Hammoud's confession.  When it is finally time for Jack to go home, he briefs the soldier set to replace him, much like Tanner had briefed him. His replacement takes out a camera and snaps a photo, but Jack tells him to put the camera away. When Jack notices Hammoud has fallen asleep, he drags the prisoner out of the cell and begins yelling at him. Unknown to Jack, the second soldier snaps another picture. After returning home to the US, Jack sees the news coverage of the Abu Graib scandal breaking on live TV, with the pictures snapped of him as he is shopping at a local store with his girlfriend.
Brad Sloan runs his own non-profit organization, and lives a comfortable life with his loving wife and son, but cannot help contemplating how his old friends Craig Fisher, Billy Wearslter, Jason Hatfield, and Nick Pascale are rich and accomplished. Craig works in the White House and published a best-selling book; Jason owns a hedge fund firm; Billy sold a company he founded, moved to Maui, and retired; and Nick is a Hollywood director. Brad's wife, Melanie, tries to comfort Brad, telling him that they do not need to compare themselves with the wealthiest 1%.  In the morning, Brad and his son, Troy, leave for Boston to visit colleges. After Troy confesses to him that he aims to get into Harvard, Brad sees this as a way to make up for his lost ambitions. After arriving at Harvard to meet with admissions, they find out they have missed the appointment by one day. Brad argues to see the admission committee, but Troy gets him to back down. Melanie suggests that Brad should call Craig, which he reluctantly agrees. Brad calls Billy to get Craig's number and finds out that Nick married his boyfriend a few years back, but Brad was not invited. He then laments how his friends' exclusion of him confirms his fears: that he is not only a failure in his own eyes but to others as well. Brad also reflects about his waning sex life with Melanie and how his wife easily gets satisfied, which he thinks might have undermined his ambitions. At a restaurant, Brad opens up to Troy about feeling left out, and Troy picks up on things. After talking to Craig, Craig gets Troy a meeting with the famous Harvard music professor and the dean of admissions.  Brad and his son meet Ananya, a high school musician friend of his son, and her friend Maya. Brad relishes Ananya's idealism and her respect for his work, reminding him of his better days. She also reveals to Brad that she did not like Craig's lectures since she finds him sexist and arrogant. After having dinner with them, Brad and Troy turn down the offer of drinks with them and return to their hotel.  That night, Brad can not sleep so he decides to have a drink with Ananya. He tells her that the non-profit life was a mistake and he should have tried to make money. As he is talking, he recognizes that he's lost her admiration; but he goes on about his perceived mistakes in his career, relative to the success of his friends. Ananya tells him that he is living a privileged life and that there are kids she knows in India who are lucky to have dinner, so he should be grateful for what he has in his life.  Troy meets his role model music composer thanks to Craig pulling some strings. However, when Troy tells Brad that his idol is not as cool as he thought, they get in an argument where Brad tells Troy that he cannot judge people for selling out because he is just living in a bubble. The argument soon ends and Troy attends his interview. During the interview, Jason calls Brad in a rush that Brad does not initially pick up on because of his self-focus. Jason informs him that he is at the Mayo Clinic and that his 3-year old daughter has a tethered spine. Shaken by the news, Brad forgets to ask Troy about how his interview went. Troy tells Brad things went really well. Brad then accompanies Troy to Tufts, his alma mater, where he learns his old professor just died. Watching Troy go on the tour at Tufts, his thoughts are interrupted when Melanie returns his call. Brad expresses his pride about his son and wishes Melanie were there with them.  The next night, Brad has dinner with Craig, to properly thank him for his help. He finds out that his old friends, the ones he believes are leading privileged lives, are actually living with major problems. In addition to Jason Hatfield's daughter having a serious medical condition, he learns Jason's company is under legal investigation. He also learns Billy Wearslter is an addict and alcoholic. Craig also expresses some homophobic remarks about Nick. While Brad tolerates Craig's constant bragging and backhanded compliments, eventually Brad feels conflicted about how Craig treats him, questioning if they really are friends. When Craig seems confused at Brad's reaction, Brad abruptly leaves their dinner. He decides to join Troy at the orchestral performance where Ananya and Maya are playing, explaining to Troy he'd rather be there with him. The beautiful music transports Brad into feeling emotional and reflective, realizing he still loves the things of the world. After returning to the hotel that evening, Troy asks his father if he is having a nervous breakdown. Brad said he just sometimes has doubts that people view him as a failure. Troy explains that everyone only thinks of themselves, so they don't even consider whether Brad is a failure or not.  Troy adds that his opinion is the only one that matters, and he loves his Dad.  Brad is touched and mollified by Troy's words.  In his thoughts, Brad is trying to imagine the future. The movie ends with him repeating, "We're still alive. I am still alive," as he turns over and goes to sleep. At the end of the credits, Brad's imagination wanders back into thinking that his son is busking.
Petula and Tilda are young artists in New York who make a living as drug dealers. After losing their stash and money while barely escaping police, they are given two days to repay their supplier. The two reconnect with their wealthy but mentally unstable childhood friend Daphne, who lives alone in a remote rural mansion, in the hopes of finding a safe in her house that is full of money. The girls rekindle an intricate fantasy game they played as children--one in which Tilda assumes the role of a young girl, Daphne her mother, and Petula a visiting doctor. The game has three rules: everyone must play, no outsiders allowed, and nobody leaves.  Daphne makes Petula do increasingly bizarre things as the game progresses, such as shattering Tilda’s kneecap with a hammer and simulating sexual intercourse with Daphne. Tilda suffers from a bad drug trip, interspersed with a childhood flashback. An argument between the three girls led to Daphne being pushed out of the treehouse and landing on her head, resulting in her current unstable mental state which causes her to believe the game they’re playing is real. In the present, Daphne has bound and gagged Petula and Tilda, having fully lost herself to the delusion that she is actually their mother.  Daphne is visited by Detective Siegel, who knew all three girls when they were children, after he receives reports of screams coming from her home. Though Daphne's odd behavior makes him suspicious, he leaves after she reminds him that he doesn't have a search warrant. Daphne later gives Petula clues to the location and code of the safe, and promises to free the girls if she can find it. Petula succeeds and the girls escape, but are pursued by Daphne, who runs Petula over with her car before taking them back to her mansion.  Daphne cuffs Petula to a chair and locks Tilda in a cage, forcing the latter to watch as she gives Petula a Glasgow smile. The next morning, Daphne tells them that the "game" has concluded and that they are free to leave, but also that she believes she has become pregnant from her faux sexual encounter with Petula. Realizing that this gives them new power over her, Petula restarts the game by convincing Daphne that she needs to be taken in for an emergency caesarean section.  Just as the two girls are about to attack an unconscious Daphne with surgical tools, they are stopped by Spiegel, but Daphne wakes up and repeatedly stabs him. Tilda gleefully joins her, while Petula initially watches on in horror, but eventually joins the other two in bludgeoning him to death. They bury his body in Daphne’s yard before all three women return to living in the mansion and playing the game, their scars from the injuries inflicted by Daphne having miraculously disappeared. As Petula grows increasingly wary of her surroundings, it is eventually revealed that the entire movie has taken place within Daphne’s mansion—every event that occurred up until this point was merely a part of the game, which Tilda is in on as well—and that Petula has tried to escape several times, only to be punished each time by having her arms burned. This "round" of the game concludes when all three women pretend to commit suicide, only to begin again, showing Daphne as an old woman in a dilapidated house, suggesting that they have been playing for many years.
Twenty-one-year-old Susannah Cahalan is a writer for The New York Post who lives with her new boyfriend Stephen. Susannah becomes ill suddenly, initially showing symptoms of a common flu like a cough and fatigue, but later begins presenting strange behaviour while in a trance state, such as hearing people say things they have not said and hypersensitivity to loud noises.  Over time, her behaviour becomes more and more erratic. Finally, Susannah has a seizure and seeks medical treatment. The doctor consulted is adamant it is down to Susannah partying too much, working too hard and not getting enough sleep. She moves in with her mother Rhona and, after an emotional outburst, has another seizure, and is taken to a clinic where she undergoes an MRI. Susannah also believes she may have bipolar disorder due to her severe mood changes.  Rhona struggles to care for Susannah, and she later moves in with her father Tom and his fiancée. During dinner one night, she becomes violent towards them while having another outburst, and her parents demand she is hospitalized despite the MRI, EEG, and all other tests showing normal results. There, one of the doctors informs Susannah's parents she could have schizophrenia, and says that if her behavior does not improve, she will be transferred to a psychiatric hospital.  Susannah gradually becomes catatonic, and Dr. Souhel Najjar is asked to help in investigating her case. He has Susannah draw a clock; she draws it with all of the numbers (1–12) on the right side of the face, leading him to believe that the right hemisphere of her brain is swollen and inflamed. Najjar has her undergo a brain biopsy for testing. Following the biopsy, it is found that Susannah has a rare disease called anti-NMDA receptor encephalitis, a brain inflammation, which Najjar describes as "a brain on fire". Najjar begins treatment, which leads to a slow but full recovery of her cognitive abilities.  Seven months later, Susannah is back at work. She presents her first written piece since her recovery to her boss Richard. It is well received, and he asks her to start writing a book about her experience, which she later titles Brain on Fire. Closing text on screen: Susannah Cahalan was the 217th person to be diagnosed with anti-NMDA receptor encephalitis, but her memoir has helped people all over the world, leading to thousands being diagnosed and treated since. She and Dr. Najjar remain close friends.
Jeremy Reins, a U.S. Secret Service special agent assigned to the presidential detail, is drugged, kidnapped and held captive within a glass box in the cramped, dark trunk of a car. At first Jeremy thinks it is a prank from people he owes money for gambling debts, but he quickly learns that the truth is far more sinister. Jeremy begins to endure mental and physical torture as terrorists attempt to extract information. The information needed is the location of the secret bunkers, dubbed "Roulette", that are used by the president and vice president during a national emergency.  Jeremy's only contact is Henry, another hostage that is also locked in a trunk of a car; both hostages have timers in the trunk with them that counts down. The terrorists have left old radios in the trunk to allow them to communicate with their hostages as well as allowing Jeremy and Henry to talk to one another. Through long conversations, Jeremy learns that the cars are actually bombs, and that they are currently in Maryland traveling towards Washington D.C. The car is almost pulled over by police and a high speed chase ensues but Jeremy is unable to be rescued, although the box is shot, leaving a hole in the glass. Jeremy is tortured every time the counter hits zero, at one point bees are released into his tank, since he is allergic to bee stings. However, the terrorists give him an Epi-pen injection, saving his life: they need him alive. The terrorists also kidnap his estranged wife, Molly, and hold her in another trunk. After enduring much emotional and mental stress, Jeremy still refuses to give up the location. After his countdown reaches zero, Jeremy's glass box begins to flood with liquid. After nearly drowning, Jeremy is pulled out by someone, revealed to be Henry.  It is revealed that the whole situation was an exercise to test whether Jeremy would break or not. Everyone he saw or was in contact with is present, along with their radios, which they used to play their parts. Jeremy collapses from his wounds and is put in an ambulance with Molly. On the way to the hospital, he sees the Washington monument through the window and chuckles. Noticing this, Molly looks out the window and asks if the monument was the location, but Jeremy dismisses it as unimportant and gives her an engagement ring, asking her to marry him. When she replies that they are already married, Jeremy smiles and asks her to marry him again. As they kiss, Molly handcuffs him to the gurney and pulls a wire from her shirt. Revealing themselves to really be with the terrorists, Molly and Henry are told over the radio that they have the location now that they lured him into a false sense of security and Jeremy is to be killed. As Molly holds a gas-filled mask over Jeremy's face, the film cuts to black.
Dustin Kimmel (Russell) is a minor league catcher for the Triple-A Tacoma Rainiers in the Seattle Mariners organization and has played in their farm system for the past 12 years. At the end of the season, he is not included in the major league recruitment and is forced to confront the promise he made his family to retire if he wasn't in the major leagues by the age of 30. Dustin's girlfriend, Emma (Voelkel), breaks up with him because their relationship hasn't progressed and he prioritizes his career over her. Dustin's return home is full of surprises: his high school sweetheart Rachel Kinley (McIver) has become engaged to the town's new dentist, Eddie (Porter), his mother is moving in with her boyfriend Bart (Getz), he befriends Bart's young son, and most of his childhood friends have grownup.  Another player's injury offers Dustin a chance at the major leagues and he faces difficult choices.
In early 1980s Soviet Union, young Misha Galkin looks up at the night sky and sees the stars shift into a cow-shaped constellation which turns to look at him. Moments later, he is struck by lightning. A woman who examines him afterwards comments that he will have an interesting life. Over the following years, Misha uses his natural skills to become an important marketing executive, receiving his big break when he meets Bob Gibbons, an American hired to spread Western brands in post-Communist Russia. When Bob's niece, Abby, visits from America, she and Misha begin a relationship, against Bob's wishes. They discuss the history of modern marketing, which Misha claims was invented by Vladimir Lenin, and Communism as the first true global brand.  Meanwhile, on a private Polynesian island, marketing guru Joseph Pascal meets with fast food company executives to discuss a plan to make the industry profitable again. They plan to change public perceptions of beauty and "make fat the new fabulous."  Misha is hired to promote a new reality TV show, "Extreme Cosmetica", in which an overweight woman will undergo plastic surgery to become thin. After the first operation, a woman falls into a coma and the public turns against the show, as well as the glorification of thin body types.  Misha becomes the scapegoat for the failed project and is swarmed by protesters before being beaten by police and arrested. Upon his release from jail, he confronts Bob; Misha has realized that the show and the woman's coma were orchestrated by fast food companies, such as "The Burger". Bob denies the accusations, claiming that such a plan would require too many resources. Misha and Bob fight and Bob has a heart attack. Feeling guilty for his role in the fate of the "Extreme Cosmetic" contestant, Misha leaves Moscow and withdraws from modern society; he believes his marketing powers are a curse.  Over the next six years, the "fat is fabulous" campaign is successful; most people are overweight and advertising images now focus on this change in perception of the ideal body type. Misha dreams that he performs the Red Heifer ritual, sacrificing a red cow and bathing in its ashes. When he wakes, he discovers that he can see strange creatures that appear to be the embodiment of marketing brand desires. They cling to people's necks and no one except for Misha can see them.  Abby tracks Misha to a rural community where he lives as a simple cowherd. She takes Misha to her Moscow apartment where she reveals that Bob left her a substantial inheritance and that she and Misha have a six-year-old son, who is overweight and loves many junk food brands. Misha, distressed by his visions and disgusted with the rampant commercialism around him, impulsively destroys Abby's apartment. Abby is frightened by this behavior and leaves, taking their son with her.  Misha plans to fight the branding creatures by using their own methods. He returns to his old company and uses fear based marketing to make customers turn on the world's major brands, beginning with an anti-beef scare that turns people away from "The Burger" and towards a vegetarian Chinese restaurant chain, "Dim Song". Branding creatures fight and destroy each other throughout the city. Public opinion turns against marketing in general and the Russian parliament considers banning all advertising.  Alone in his office, Misha leaves a phone message for Abby, asking for her forgiveness. Abby arrives at his office but the building is suddenly raided by anti-advertising protesters who assault the employees in the building. Misha is struck in the head as he attempts to escape with Abby. An emergency broadcast on television states that Russia and other nations have agreed to ban advertising as Misha lies on the floor, bleeding.  Some time later, Misha wakes in the hospital and plays with Abby and their son. In the same hospital, the "Extreme Cosmetica" woman awakens from her coma and wanders into the streets to see an advertisement-free Moscow and a skyline free of billboards.
Logging company owner and family man Joe Braven lives with his wife Stephanie, daughter Charlotte, and his father Linden. Linden, who suffers from dementia due to a previous head injury, gets into a bar room brawl, ending up in the hospital. When the doctor recommends a more supervised approach for Linden, Stephanie suggests Joe take Linden to the family's secluded mountain cabin to talk about the situation.  While transporting logs and drugs by truck, Joe's co-worker, Weston, and Hallett, a drug trafficker, get into an accident and store the cocaine in Joe's mountain cabin. They take refuge at a motel, where Hallett relays the news to his employer, drug lord Kassen.  Upon their arrival at the cabin, Joe discovers the cocaine in the shed. He hides Charlotte, who tagged along, in a storage closet before they are surrounded by Kassen's mercenaries. Kassen kills Weston in front of Joe. Unable to call for help with the lack of cell service, Joe and Linden arm themselves and kill one of the mercenaries.  Needing higher ground to access a cellular network, Joe causes a distraction and drives away on a quad bike with Charlotte. He instructs her to climb to the mountain, where she calls her mother, who in turn calls the sheriff. Another mercenary attacks Joe but he drives the quad off a cliff into the sea, killing the mercenary and almost dying himself. Hallett enters the cabin and is stabbed with a skewer by Linden, killing him.  A bow-wielding Stephanie saves Charlotte from a mercenary. Joe returns to the cabin, where he kills two more men. Charlotte is picked up by the sheriff as Stephanie is pursued in the woods. Kassen takes Linden hostage and fatally stabs him in front of Joe. He escapes with the lost cocaine but Joe chases after him. He helps Stephanie kill her pursuer before engaging in a violent knife fight with Kassen on the cliff. He pushes Kassen off the edge, killing him, before being reunited with his family.
Josh is a musically-talented DJ who, after an accidental overdose, goes to live with his estranged father in North Dakota. His journey to make amends with his family, past friends and hometown opens him up to emotional encounters that reveal more than he was expecting.
Bradley Thomas is laid off from his job at an auto repair shop. When he arrives home, he finds a hickey on his wife, Lauren, who admits to an extramarital affair. Bradley orders her inside the house before he violently dismantles her car. He later discusses with Lauren their failing relationship, forgives her, and returns to drug trafficking.  Eighteen months later, Bradley and a now-pregnant Lauren have adjusted to a better life. Bradley's boss, Gil, introduces him to Eleazar, a new business associate, with a task to pick up a package of crystal meth with two of Eleazar's men. Bradley distrusts one of Eleazar's henchmen, Roman, but accepts the job when Gil offers him three months' paternity leave. During the job, Bradley realizes it is a police trap and orders Eleazar's men to ditch the drugs. However, Eleazar's men ignore him and exchange fire with the police. Bradley, hesitant, attacks Eleazar's men; one of the men is fatally shot by the police while Roman is incapacitated. The police detain Bradley alive. Unwilling to give out names, Bradley is sentenced to seven years in a medium-security prison.  During the night, Eleazar's men kidnap Lauren. In prison, Bradley is visited by the Placid Man, a henchman for Eleazar. The Placid Man commands Bradley to assassinate an inmate who is held in Cell Block 99 at Redleaf, a maximum-security prison. If Bradley refuses, the limbs of his unborn child will be surgically removed and sent to him. Bradley reluctantly accepts and fights multiple guards in order to be transferred to Redleaf.  At Redleaf, Bradley meets the authoritarian Warden Tuggs, who demeans him and sends Bradley to a dilapidated cell. He learns that Cell Block 99 is for society's most despised criminals. Bradley starts a brawl with other prisoners in order to be reassigned to Cell Block 99. After he is reassigned, Bradley learns that his assassination target does not exist.  During the night, a Redleaf guard escorts Bradley to another cell, where Eleazar and his gang, including Roman, are held. They intend to torture Bradley for their amusement throughout his incarceration at Redleaf. Bradley ambushes the guards and brutally kills most of Eleazar's gang. Eleazar calls the doctor to carry out Eleazar's threat and harm Bradley's unborn child. Bradley tortures Eleazar until he calls off the operation.  The Placid Man and the doctor follow Eleazar's orders and drive Lauren unharmed to Gil's house. As they drive away, Gil retrieves a hidden rifle and kills the Placid Man. Lauren takes the rifle and shoots the doctor. Gil phones Bradley to inform him that his family is finally safe, and Bradley speaks to Lauren about their unborn child. Bradley then decapitates Eleazar in his cell. Tuggs and his guards emerge and execute Bradley.
In New Orleans, the Fontaine family name echoes the streets within both the traditional boxing community and the illegal underground fight world. Charlie Fontaine's unflinching loyalty turns out to be both his greatest strength and his Achilles heel, while Bobby Fontaine's ambitions and shenanigans, driven by a dangerous amount of ego, turn destructive. Charlie suffers a permanent injury when called to battle to defend his little brother. While Charlie is forced to hang up his gloves, Bobby's guilt drags him to new lows. When Bobby finds himself drawn to Charlie's wife, an all-out war of brother against brother ensues.
Brash man-child Jimmy Price knows his days as a doubles tennis player are nearly finished. Since he's burned practically all of his bridges on the pro circuit, it's a huge blow when his latest partner drops him. With no other option, he tries to revive his career by convincing his estranged brother (and former tennis partner) Darren to join him on the court. With the help of an unusual 11-year-old named Barry, the duo make a go at a grand slam tournament.
After her father Isaac's murder, Shaun Russell travels with her two children, daughter Jasmine and son Glover, to the house where she grew up. Shaun intends to settle her father's estate and sell the remotely located house, which has multiple security features, including a hand-held remote monitor. When they arrive, the security system is offline, but Jasmine soon reactivates it.  Unknown to the family, four offenders – Peter, Sam, Duncan, and the crime boss Eddie – were in the house before them, burglarizing it. Then Jasmine and Glover are taken hostage while Shaun is locked outside and narrowly escapes an ambush from Peter. Duncan, the most violent and mentally unstable member of the group suggests torturing the children for the location of the safe but is objected by Eddie and Sam. Then another altercation sparks when Peter chases Shaun into the woods, where Peter gets knocked out by her. She leaves him bound and gagged, and uses the intercom to call the house. Eddie tells her they only came for the safe and the $4 million they know is inside; Isaac was under investigation by both the FBI and the District Attorney and Sam had learned that he liquidated his assets. The offenders have only 90 minutes from when they sever the phone lines before the security company contacts authorities, so they want to find it and leave quickly.  Concealed in the trees, Shaun sees Maggie, the realtor, arrive with paperwork for the house sale. Eddie greets her at the door, explaining Shaun had gone into town briefly, and attempts to invite her in. Maggie notices Shaun's purse on the table behind Eddie and knows something is wrong and politely declines. When Maggie turns her back on Eddie and leaves, Duncan ambushes her, and slits her throat, which outrages Eddie, as it means Shaun won't be as controllable.  Shaun eventually finds her way into the house, and gives instructions to Jasmine. When Eddie and Duncan next threaten the children, Jasmine leads them to the safe, which Shaun believes only Peter knows how to open. Shaun returns with Peter, a knife at his throat, demanding her family's release. Eddie shoots Peter dead, and Shaun flees back to the woods. Peter had a flash drive containing computer code on a necklace, which is all they needed to crack the safe. With all the money in a bag, Eddie now intends to burn the house down with the children in it to cover their escape, which Sam is uncomfortable with. Then Shaun creates a distraction by playing music with the portable hand-held security remote.  Duncan and Sam find Shaun on the roof during another rescue attempt. She hears a gunshot go off inside the house then jumps, pushing Sam off to his death, saving herself with the rope she tied to the roof. Then Shaun swipes Sam's truck keys sticking out of his pocket. Meanwhile, Jasmine frees herself and Glover, having cut through their bonds with a shard of glass from a broken lamp. The children escape the house and join their mother with Eddie in pursuit. Shaun uses Sam's truck to escape and mows down Duncan as they try to drive away, but Eddie blows out the truck tires, causing it to crash, foiling their escape.  Shaun and the kids lock themselves in the house, thinking it's all over, until they discover the bag of money is still inside. Shaun's husband Justin arrives unexpectedly and Eddie attacks him which convinces Shaun to unlock the door. He finds Shaun with the money bag, doused in gasoline and holding a lighter. Knowing that if he kills her, the lighter will ignite the bag, Eddie unloads his gun and Shaun lets him take the bag. However, Duncan appears and stabs Eddie to death to take the loot for himself, but instead of running away with the money, he goes after Shaun and threatens to rape her and Jasmine out of pure sadism. Jasmine arrives to help her mom, but Duncan overpowers her. He then prevents Shaun from taking his gun and demands if she has something to say to him, to which Shaun replies that he "broke into the wrong house", before swiping Duncan's knife from his pocket and using it to stab a stunned Duncan to death.  As police sirens and horns approach, Shaun goes outside to hold Justin and her kids close.
Casey is an dancer who creates a Youtube channel to publishes dancing videos and tutorials, becoming a big hit in a short time. The girl is introduced in the rich and famous world, but fame comes at a price and she will no longer be able to trust her own friends, like the jealous Roseli.
One night, a young man named Ronald is attacked by an unseen assailant, and during the course of the attack he loses his shirt, then one of his teeth, and gains a tattoo. Finally, he's bitten on his buttocks, which causes him to begin transforming into a vampire and incessantly break wind.  A year later, Bella asks her boyfriend Edward Colon to transform her into a vampire, but he insists that he marry her first. Bella also has to deal with the affections of Jacob, a member of a pack of overweight, flatulent werewolves (who oddly never transforms). One night, Edward gets a vision of Ronald breaking into Bella's room, and brings her to the Colon family home for help, but they are unsure of what to do. Jacob then takes her to meet his grandfather, who recounts the time that he faced an ancient evil that manifested itself as "different characters all played the exact same way" (a stab at Johnny Depp and his performances as Jack Sparrow, Edward Scissorhands, Willy Wonka and The Mad Hatter), and believes that a similar incident is about to occur. With this information and a recent spate of people going missing, the Colons are able to deduce that a rogue vampire is creating an army of newborns (or "noobs").  The army turns out to be under the control of Victoria, who tricks Ronald into believing Edward killed Gary Coleman and killing Bella will avenge him. The noobs get Bella's scent from a pornographic magazine, and the Colons realize that they cannot protect her, especially because of Rosalie's homicidal rages toward her and Carlisle's inability to stop himself from drinking her blood. She seeks refuge with her flamboyantly homosexual father Charlie, but soon realizes that she cannot stay with him either, due to his insistence in graphically describing his sex acts and holding orgies at his house. Eventually, Edward works out a compromise with Jacob, who takes Bella to safety and uses his flatulence to mask her scent.  That night, Edward meets with Bella and Jacob and the three spend the night in a tent, where Jacob has sex with Bella as an oblivious Edward talks about how he thinks he and Jacob could be friends if they put their differences aside. The following morning the noobs catch up with the trio, but the Colons and Jacob's pack also arrive, and a fight ensues. Bella distracts the noobs by eating a special cake given to her by Jacob, which causes her to experience severe flatulence and creates a smell bad enough to distract Victoria and the noobs long enough for the Colons to kill them all. Bella agrees to marry Edward, while Jacob accidentally ends up stabbing himself to death during a fight with a TMZ reporter.  A year later a pregnant Bella learns a dwarf-like copy of Edward (who had been hitting on her throughout the film, despite her obvious disgust) somehow fathered the child instead.  The movie then ends by parodying the trailer to Breaking Dawn – Part 1, followed by a segment ridiculing the reactions to said trailer (in the form of YouTube videos) by certain "Twi-Hard" fans of the series.
Two college women, Sara and Alex, make a twisted agreement after stress in their personal lives: they will kill each other's archenemies and never be suspected for the right murder, getting away with two crimes. As they grow closer, the tension between them turns sexual, and then to something deeper. However, when only one of the women goes through with it and begins to set the other up to be framed for murder, she realizes if she's going to stay out of jail, she's going to have to come up with a plot just as twisted of her own.
John Smith is a 14-year-old Guatemalan boy raised in Lake St. Louis, Missouri by his adoptive parents, Brian and Joyce Smith. Though they are loving and supportive, John struggles with feelings of abandonment from his birth parents, and rebels against his parents and teachers.  In school, John's class is assigned to give a presentation about their family backgrounds. On his day to present, John admits he did not do the assignment. His basketball coach, who had promised him a starting position, warns John that if he gets a failing grade, he will be benched. John later gives a half-hearted presentation, saying that everyone already knows he is adopted, and he does not know much about his true background.  Later, John and his friends Josh and Reiger go out onto a frozen lake, ignoring a neighbor's warning. The resident calls the police, and all three boys fall through the ice. Josh and Reiger manage to swim to the surface and are swiftly rescued by first responders. Two of the rescuers dive in, but are unable to find John. As they are about to give up, one of the rescuers, Tommy Shine, hears a voice telling him to go back. Thinking it is his chief, he tries again, and manages to lift John to the surface.  With no pulse or breath, John is taken to the local hospital, where an emergency team works frantically to save his life. After John still fails to register a pulse, the attending physician, Dr. Sutterer gives Joyce a chance to say goodbye. A weeping Joyce cradles her son in her arms, pleading with the Holy Spirit to not let John die, at which point a faint pulse registers. Sutterer recommends transferring John to a better equipped hospital, citing Dr. Garrett as an expert in cases like John's.  After John is transferred and placed in a medically-induced coma, Garrett warns his parents that he has little hope for John's recovery, and that if John were to pull through, he would likely live in a persistent vegetative state. Jason Noble, the family's new liberal pastor with whom Joyce has frequently clashed, visits the hospital and Joyce slowly warms to him. Like Joyce, he regards John's progress as divine intervention. John shows some signs of consciousness: he is able to hear Joyce and Noble and to respond with squeezes to the hand, and a tear trickles from his eye as a crowd gathers outside the hospital to sing and to pray for his recovery.  Joyce turns John's possible recovery into an obsession, harassing his health care professionals and alienating those around her, including her husband. In a heated moment, Joyce tells Brian that if not for her, John would be dead. After a brief and hurtful rebuttal, Brian storms off. Realizing she cannot control John's outcome, Joyce retreats to the roof of the hospital to pray, asking God for forgiveness and submitting to His will. It begins to snow, which she believes is an answer. She and Brian meet with Garrett, who tells them that the drugs they have been administering are becoming toxic to John's system and may be doing more harm than good. Joyce, who had been adamant about saving John's life at all costs, suggests stopping treatment and bringing him out of the coma, stating that she is ready for whatever fate brings. Garrett agrees.  John is revived and slowly regains consciousness, reliving his accident. He hears his mother's voice and opens his eyes, with full cognitive ability. A few days later, he is discharged from the hospital, returning home and then back to school.  John's return, though welcomed by many, is met with some resentment by others, who question why John's life was spared while their own loved ones died. This weighs on John's mind, he returns to the lake. There he sees Tommy Shine, and thanks him for saving his life. Tommy admits that he did not believe in God until after a series of protracted events since John's accident, and all he did was pull John from the water.  John reconciles his survival with a renewed sense of purpose in his life, and rebuilds his relationships with those he had been alienating. An epilogue reveals that John is pursuing a career in ministry after graduating from high school.
The night before they are to be married, Phil's (Philip Quinaz) fiancée Alison (Alison Fyhrie) gets cold feet and decides to call off their wedding. But, after breaking his heart, she manages to convince him to go through a sham ceremony, in order to save face in front of their friends and loved ones. Phil readily agrees, secretly hoping that the surprise wedding gift he has lined up for her will help her to reconsider her decision. Neither of them could have prepared themselves for the multitude of random complications that follow once the guests arrived to witness their breakup at a wedding.
Love is a prostitute looking to get out of the business, but unfortunately her last gig is for three psychotic cultists who've just escaped from a mental hospital and are trawling for victims.
In 1958 in Kenya, Robin Cavendish falls ill from polio at age 28, not long after meeting and marrying his wife Diana. Paralysed from the neck down and unable to breathe without the assistance of a respirator, he is given only three months to live. He is repatriated to Britain. Initially he is depressed, refusing to see his wife or newborn son, Jonathan, and wishing to be removed from life support. However, Diana is persistent and slowly his spirits improve. When Diana realises she can provide for his daily care and suggests they move Robin and the respirator home, Robin brightens considerably. Over the strenuous objections of the hospital's administrator Dr. Entwistle (who tells Diana that he will die if without the ventilator for two minutes) and with the help of some of the other doctors and nurses, Robin is brought home and meets his son.  While Jonathan is playing with his dog, the dog knocks out the plug of the ventilator. Robin realises, but unable to move or speak, he cannot get Diana's attention, so instead makes clicking noises with his tongue. Eventually, Diana finds him unresponsive and plugs the ventilator back in.  Seeing his son push a pram gives Robin the idea for a mobile chair with a built-in respirator, so he enlists the help of his friend Teddy Hall to build one. Using the chair, and with the help of Diana and her two brothers, Robin is able to travel away from home for the first time, and with a specially constructed van, the family begins to venture out further, even flying the van on a cargo plane to Spain.  Teddy makes various improvements to his design over time and eventually Robin teams up with Dr Clement Aitken to produce more of the chairs. Robin returns to his original hospital with more of Teddy's chairs and the rest of the patients in the ward leave with him.  After observing a German hospital's prison-like confinement of their severely disabled patients, Robin then appears at a conference and appeals to doctors to treat their patients more humanely, drawing a standing ovation.   Years later, Robin begins to experience severe bleeding due to his extended time on the respirator and decides it is time to stop prolonging his life indefinitely. He discusses his decision with Dr. Aitken who advises that Diana and Jonathan cannot be involved. He holds a farewell party with his many friends. Sometime later, he instructs his family to leave and return to the house at precise times. Jonathan, now in his thirties, and Diana see Aitken driving away and return to the house. Fading, Robin expresses his love for both of them and dies, having transformed the lives of many others like him.
Keith Reynolds is a high school music teacher married to Megan and living in a small town an hour and half from New York City. He gave up a career as a musician following the arrival of their daughter. Lauren is very nearly 18 and is a champion swimmer. In his spare time, he substitutes for a cello player in an orchestra and is applying for a permanent role. Keith finds his life frustrating, resents his job as a teacher, and his wife's dismissal of his music playing. He wants to move back to the city and work as a musician, but his wife Megan refuses to consider this as she disliked the uncertainty of the income and the lifestyle.  The family is to host a foreign exchange student from England, Sophie, for one semester. When Sophie arrives, she is disappointed by the distance from Manhattan which she wanted to visit. Sophie's mother died when she was very young and she was raised by her uncle and aunt. Her uncle introduced her to the piano but has recently died, affecting Sophie badly. Sophie tells her aunt that she is not practicing her music because she does not know who she is playing for anymore.  Sophie reveals to Keith that she is an accomplished musician and they bond over their mutual interest. While they are alone at the house, she tells Keith about the death of her uncle and that she wants to choose to play music. Sophie is unsure and has lost her purpose following her uncle's death, so she does not play. Keith has chosen not to play for the sake of his family.  Keith and Sophie embark on a love affair, spending time together talking about running away together. Lauren discovers this and reveals her knowledge to Sophie by attacking her while she is asleep in bed. Sophie panics after Lauren's attack and tells Keith she must leave. Keith tells her he will run away with her. They plan to meet in New York City after a performance, packing their things.  Lauren, angry at her father and having been spurned by Aaron, gets drunk and crashes her car. Meanwhile, Megan discovers Keith and Sophie's affair and their plan to run away. While she is smashing things around the house in anger, she gets a call telling her Lauren is hurt and in hospital.  Following his performance, Keith meets up with Sophie. They load their things in the car and are smiling at each other in happiness. Suddenly Keith receives a text message from Megan telling him that something has happened to Lauren. He appears at the hospital where Megan tells him she does not know how Lauren is.  The film ends with the family having a photo shoot. Lauren is fine but has a scar near her eye. Keith has decided to return to his wife and Sophie has gone.
In Texas in 1981, Lorna (Gina Gershon) invites her friend Tiny (Kelli Giddish) over to talk about the recent bank robbery at the Waldorf Savings & Loan in nearby Red County.  Tiny arrives to find Lorna's husband Dale (Val Kilmer) unconscious on the living room floor, Lorna having whacked him over the head with a skillet, and Lorna tells her that she knows that he was the bank robber.  Tiny explains that just because Dale used to rob convenience stores doesn't make him fit to be a bank robber, but Lorna insists.  As evidence, she shows Tiny the red dirt on Dale's boots and explains that Red County is known as such because of its red soil, and that Dale has no business being in Red County.  Furthermore, the robber was reportedly wearing a stocking over his head and escaped with $100,000, and Lorna's only pair of stockings are missing.  Lorna contacting Dale's location of employment, where she is informed that Dale had requested a transfer, and she figures that it was to skip town and avoid suspicion.  Lorna and Tiny bind Dale before waking him up and confront him about the robbery, accusing him of being the thief.  Initially, he denies knowing what she's talking about, exclaiming that while he admits to a checked past, now he "flies as straight as a duck with two good wings."  Lorna brings out a revolver that she found hidden under the floorboards, but Dale claims to have never seen it before and know nothing about either it or the robbery.  He maintains his innocence even after she shoots a warning shot, but as she becomes increasingly threatening with the gun, Dale admits to having robbed the bank.  He proceeds to elaborate on how he was waiting for the right time to tell her about it and that he had delayed because he didn't want to burden her with the details of the finances because she's a woman.  When she asks him where he stashed the loot, he responds that it's in a safe place and that she'll just have to let him go so he can show her where he hid it.  Incredulous at his attempt to be freed, Lorna discerns from Dale's constant glancing off the side that, in fact, he hid the money in the trailer, while he denies it in a most unbelievable way.  While they argue about how dumb it was to hide the stolen money in their home, Lorna is waving the gun around, and it accidentally goes off, shooting Dale through the head and killing him.  Both Lorna and Tiny are startled and nervous.  Lorna takes some pills she gets from her purse and then lights a cigarette while they debate what to do next.  Tiny starts dialing the police but Lorna convinces her that there will be no way to claim self defense when there's a man bound up in the middle of the room with a bullet in his head.  Tiny tells Lorna that she could be in a lot of trouble, to which Lorna responds that Tiny is in just as much trouble because she was there while the murder was committed.  Lorna recalls a story her father told her when she was young about some men who had experienced an industrial mishap and had gotten stuck under some mechanism in the oil fields and that by the second day, the Texas bug had not only killed them but made their bodies unidentifiable.  They hatch a plan to bury Dale out in the oil fields where he can suffer the same fate.  Suddenly, they hear a vehicle approaching and it is the local sheriff (Ray Liotta).  Lorna opens the door for the sheriff, who, aware of his past run-ins with the law, came to question Dale about the bank robbery.  The sheriff sees Dale's station wagon parked by the side of the trailer and asks to come in, but Lorna denies the sheriff request on account of his lack of a warrant, explaining that Dale went for a walk, despite the intense heat.  The sheriff walks back to his car, where we see him review his request for retirement form.  Tiny makes quick to get on with the plan, but Lorna explains that now that the sheriff is watching them, they can't very well leave the house carrying a dead body and bury him for the bugs to get to him.  Tiny then  suggests that they make a run for it, but Lorna explains that that'll just end with the police chasing them down, wherever they may be.  Lorna remembers a recent Thanksgiving when she had to carve a 70 lb. turkey, and she takes out her electric carving knife and tells Tiny that her plan is to cut Dale up into tiny pieces in order to dispose of the body.  Lorna and Tiny get to work, dismembering Dale and using rust remover and a blender to destroy and liquify Dale's body, while Lorna mops the floor of blood and vacuums the trailer of remnants of Dale's organs.  Getting rid of the body proves to be way more work than either woman bargained for, and so Lorna and Tiny try to burn it in the bathtub.  By this time, the trailer is completely soiled with Dale's blood and it appears that there will be no way for them to avoid suspicion.  A man appears and breaks into the trailer through a back window and holds the two women at gunpoint.  He is the private investigator that Lorna hired to track Dale, and he not only found out that Dale robbed the bank but also that he had been having an affair with Tiny.  Now he's come to get his hands on the money, and he threatens the women to get to the cash.  Lorna pretends to think about where the money might be hidden and tricks the private investigator into thinking that the cash might be stashed in the air duct between the walls.  Knowing quite well that they had had a rat problem and that Dale had placed spring loaded rat traps in the ducts, Lorna gets the investigator to insert his arm into the air duct and feel around until he snaps a trap on his hand.  While he's distracted by the pain, Tiny stabs him in the neck with a meat thermometer, and he dies.  Tiny gets his gun and corners Lorna, figuring that Lorna now knew along that Dale had been cheating with her and had never intended to split the money with her.  Lorna confirms this and gets Tiny to stand in a particular spot where she is able to bend down and literally pull the rug out from under her, knocking Tiny unconscious.  Lorna retrieves the stolen money from a brown paper bag buried underneath her prize daisies in front of the trailer and makes off with the cash rolled up in her hair and covered by a kerchief, but not before cutting off her ring finger and leaving it on the floor with her ring as identification, making it seem like she had been killed as well and that the rest of her body had been similarly mutilated as Dale's had.  The sheriff finally shows up with his deputies and a search warrant and he kicks the door in to gain access when no one responds to his rapping on the door.  When he enters, he sees Tiny on the floor near a gun and she begins to stir.  After he shoots her dead, the deputies hear the gunfire and run in.  The trailer is an absolute mess with blood and guts over every surface and the sheriff and the deputies remark about how gruesome it is and how they'll likely never be able to figure out what happened (this is rural Texas and prior to the advent of advanced crime scene investigation science).  The sheriff is then seen driving away and is met by Lorna, who it appears conspired with him to kill Dale and Tiny and make a getaway with the cash after he retires from the force and everyone else thinks Lorna died in the massacre in the trailer.
It's the Christmas season in Los Angeles; Maggie (Jordan Ladd), a lonely woman goes on a blind date with a man unbeknownst to her that her date has been replaced by an active and notorious serial killer, The Brentwood Strangler (Adam J. Yeend). Is it love at first sight or is Maggie in for the worst (and last) date of her life?
Brian Banks (Aldis Hodge) is a 27-year-old former high school football star living with his mother (Sherri Shepherd) in Long Beach, California. He is currently on parole and registered as a sex offender due to an incident 11 years prior where he and a classmate, Kennisha (Xosha Roquemore), sneaked off to kiss. When he overheard teachers approaching, he fled to avoid getting caught, leading the scorned Kennisha to falsely accuse him of raping her.  On the advice of his attorney, Banks pled no contest to rape and was sentenced to six years of prison. His childhood dreams of becoming an NFL player are further damaged when new laws require him to wear an ankle monitor at all times and stay 2,000 feet away from schools and public gathering spots, preventing him from playing football, and he has trouble finding legitimate employment due to his criminal record.  Banks approaches the California Innocence Project hoping to clear his name, and they advise him to write a plea of habeas corpus to the California legal system to get them to retry him. When this fails, Innocence Project founder Justin Brooks (Greg Kinnear) explains that the justice system requires new evidence that incontrovertibly points to his innocence before they will hear his pleas; this excludes DNA evidence, which was taken during the original trial but never used in his defense.  Innocence Project lawyers interview several of Banks' former classmates, but their word is not strong enough to cast doubt on Banks' conviction. Banks unexpectedly receives a Facebook friend request from Kennisha, leading him to devise a scheme with several of his friends to trick her into confessing on tape that the rape allegation was fraudulent.  This seemingly succeeds, and Banks takes the tape to the Innocence Project. However, since Kennisha did not know she was being recorded, the evidence is inadmissible in court. Brooks sends the tape to the media, causing public outcry at the injustice of Banks' situation. Banks' parole officer calls him and warns him that his contact with Kennisha is a parole violation, but gives him until his parole expires before reporting the violation and placing Banks back in prison.  Brooks approaches District Attorney Mateo (Jose Miguel Vasquez) and convinces him that Banks needs a new trial. Banks goes to court, but Kennisha refuses to testify and claims that Banks offered her $20,000 to say he didn't rape her on tape. Mateo and Brooks confront her and eventually get her to say on the record that her claim that Banks bribed her was a lie; this casts enough doubt on Banks' guilt to convince the judge to finally overturn Banks' conviction.  Banks cuts off the ankle bracelet and heads to a local park, where he enjoys a game of football with some local children. The final narration reveals that Pete Carroll, a former University of Southern California coach who offered him a scholarship to USC during his high school days, invited him to try out for the Seattle Seahawks; failing to make the team due to his skills atrophying as a result of his extended time in prison, Banks trained hard over the next year and eventually was signed by the Atlanta Falcons.
During the year 2018 in a crime-ridden dystopian Detroit, a particularly notorious neighborhood has grown so dangerous that law enforcement is overwhelmed. Unable to control the crime, city officials build a colossal -tall containment wall around this area, known as Brick Mansions, The projects or the no-go zone, to cut it off from the rest of the city. The police monitor all movement in and out of Brick Mansions, and schools and hospitals within it have been shut down. For undercover cop Damien Collier, every day is a battle against corruption after the death of his father. For French-Caribbean ex-convict Lino Duppre, every day is a fight to live an honest life.  Lino is hunted by drug kingpin Tremaine Alexander for stealing a massive amount of heroin and emptying it down a bathtub. Lino evades capture, and so Tremaine has his men capture Lino's girlfriend Lola. Lino attempts to free her, and together they manage to escape and capture Tremaine in the Projects, turning him in to police at the border wall. However, Lino is shocked when the chief of police free Tremaine and arrest him instead; it turns out that the police have long been in Tremaine's pay. While arrested, Lino kills the police chief officer in revenge.  Meanwhile, the city officials have discovered that Tremaine has gained hold of a nuclear explosive and a small missile, which he plans to launch into downtown Detroit unless he obtains a ransom. Damien is sent undercover as a prisoner in order to free Lino so that the two can destroy the bomb together. The two manage to escape from a police van. In the beginning, they fight each other both verbally and physically, but they eventually decide to work together - though not before Lino deduces that Damien is actually an undercover cop. Together, the two face off against Tremaine and his gang in order to free Lola and defuse the bomb.  As they are set to defuse the missile, Damien discovers that Tremaine was bluffing and never planned to actually launch it - and that Damien was sent not to defuse the missile, but to unknowingly launch it into Brick Mansions in order to kill its inhabitants and clear the entire area for upscale development. Damien also finds out from Tremaine that his father was not killed by criminals, but by his fellow officers, and that the Mayor of Detroit was behind both plots. Damien, Lino and Tremaine confront the mayor at his office and gets him to admit his plan - then reveal that they have been secretly recording his statements. The mayor is then arrested. Brick Mansions is welcomed back into the city with Damien and Lino continuing their friendship. Tremaine runs for Mayor of Detroit, promoting the idea of equality and freedom.
Annie Walker is a single, underachieving, down-on-her-luck woman in her mid-thirties living in Milwaukee. Her bakery failed due to the recession, wiping out her savings and causing her boyfriend to leave her. Having lost her passion for baking, she works a stressful, underpaid job at a jewelry store and shares an apartment with British immigrant siblings Gil and Brynn. Annie has a casual sexual relationship with the wealthy and self-absorbed Ted, who treats her like an object. The only positive presence in her life is her lifelong best friend, Lillian. When Lillian becomes engaged to her boyfriend Doug, she asks Annie to be her maid of honor.  At the engagement party, Annie meets Lillian's bridesmaids: Rita, Lillian's long married and cynical cousin; Becca, Lillian's naïve newlywed coworker; Megan, Doug's raunchy and foul-mouthed but friendly sister; and Helen, the wealthy and snobby trophy wife of Doug's boss. Annie and Helen are instantly jealous of each other's friendship with Lillian and become increasingly competitive for her attention.  Annie's suggestion for a bachelorette party at Lillian's parents' lake house is overruled in favor of a Las Vegas trip planned by Helen. Unable to afford a first-class ticket and too proud to allow Helen to pay, Annie books a ticket in economy class. Annie accepts a sedative and liquor from Helen to calm her massive fear of flying and begins to hallucinate, suffering a paranoid breakdown that ends with her being apprehended by a U.S. Air Marshal. The plane makes an emergency landing, and the party takes a bus back home. Annie apologizes, but Lillian decides it's best if Helen takes over planning the bridal shower and wedding.  Meanwhile, Annie grows closer to Nathan Rhodes, an Irish-American Wisconsin State Patrol Trooper who let her off without a ticket for broken brake lights. Nathan, who had been a regular customer at Annie's bakery, repeatedly encourages her to open a new one, although Annie is resistant to the idea. After a romantic night together, Nathan surprises her with baking supplies, but Annie panics and leaves abruptly.  Annie is fired from the jewelry store after a profane argument with a teenage customer and is later evicted by her roommates, forcing her to move in with her mother. She then travels to Helen's home in Chicago for the extravagant bridal shower, which is Parisian-themed - an idea of Annie's that Helen had previously rejected. After Helen upstages Annie's heartfelt gift by gifting Lillian a trip to Paris, an enraged Annie throws a tantrum and destroys the outside décor. Angry that Annie has now ruined every event in the wedding, Lillian kicks her out of the shower, disinvites her from the wedding, and ends their friendship.  As Annie returns home, her still-broken taillights result in a car accident, from which the other driver flees. Nathan is the responding officer, much to Annie's chagrin, and he admonishes her for blowing him off, not fixing her taillights, and not taking responsibility for her life. Ted arrives shortly after to give Annie a ride, causing Nathan to storm off in disgust; however, when Ted asks Annie to perform oral sex on him as he drives, she demands to be let out of the car and walks home, leaving him for good.  Annie becomes reclusive, but a visit from Megan finally motivates her to take control of her life. Annie resumes baking, gets her car fixed, and tries to make amends with Nathan, who ignores her. On the day of the wedding, Helen appears at Annie's doorstep begging for help finding Lillian, who has disappeared. Helen apologizes to Annie, tearfully revealing that while sought after for her event planning skills, she does not have any true friends and feels lonely in her marriage. With some begrudging help from Nathan, they find Lillian hiding out in her own apartment, having become overwhelmed by Helen's extravagant wedding planning and fear of leaving her life in Milwaukee. Annie reconciles with Lillian and resumes her role as maid of honor.  After the wedding, Annie and Helen finally become friends. Annie also reconciles with Nathan, who arrives unexpectedly to pick Annie up after the wedding (a gesture strongly implied to have been arranged by Helen). Annie and Nathan kiss, then ride away in Nathan's police car.
The film begins on New Year's Day as six Long Island natives: Sal, his wife Meghan, Terry, Nate, Eric, and his girlfriend Lina discuss the pro's and con's of going into Manhattan on New Year's Eve. The group spent the holiday in Nassau County going to bars, and Terry makes the decision to drive home while intoxicated, resulting in a DWI arrest.  The first part of the film takes place from New Year's Day 2012 to the beginning of Spring and the main tension revolves around the characters struggling to cope with the transition to adulthood. Terry still lives at home with his mother and now has no vehicle due to his DWI. Sal and Meghan are debating whether or not they want to start a family, Nate is unemployed, and Eric and Lina's relationship is tested as Eric struggles to pay off his student loans while Lina desperately wants to leave the "change at Jamaica crowd" for the glitz and glamor of New York City.  The film then transitions into the spring and summer where the characters attempt to situate their love lives. Sal and Meghan decide that they're going to try to have a child, but are struggling to conceive. Nate tries to solve his relationship woes through online dating, while Eric finds a new love in Christine, a hair salon owner. Meanwhile, Terry begins courting Kelly, a classmate of his from a drunk drivers education course, while Lina moves into the Manhattan and begins working at an art gallery.  As the Summer transitions to Autumn, the male characters develop problems of their own amongst one another in the wake of the loss of a loved one. These differences are tested when Hurricane Sandy destroys Sal and Meghan's Long Beach apartment and brings everyone into the same room for the film's climax.  A year passes from the film's opening scene when on December 31, 2012, Terry, Lina, Nate, Eric, Sal, and Meghan make plans to go into Manhattan to visit Kelly at her new apartment for a New Year's party.
In 1957 New York City, Rudolf Abel is arrested and charged with spying for the Soviet Union, and insurance lawyer James B. Donovan is appointed to be Abel's legal counsel. Committed to the principle that the accused deserves a vigorous defense, he mounts the best defense of Abel he can, declining along the way to cooperate in the CIA's attempts to induce him to violate the confidentiality of his communications with his client.  Abel is convicted, but Donovan convinces the judge to spare Abel the death penalty because Abel had been serving his country honorably, and he might prove useful for a future prisoner exchange; Abel is sentenced to 30 years. Donovan appeals the conviction to the Supreme Court based on the lack of a search warrant for the seizure of Abel's ciphers and photography equipment. For his principled stand, Donovan and his family are harassed, including shots being fired at their home. The conviction is upheld in a very close margin.  In 1960, Gary Powers, a pilot in the CIA's top-secret U-2 spy plane program, is shot down over the USSR. He is captured and sentenced to ten years' confinement, including three years in prison.  Donovan receives a letter from East Germany, purportedly sent by Abel's wife, thanking him and urging him to get in contact with their lawyer, whose name is Vogel. The CIA thinks this is a back-channel message hinting that the USSR is willing to swap Powers for Abel. They unofficially ask Donovan to go to Berlin to negotiate the exchange; he arrives just as the Berlin Wall is going up. Crossing into East Berlin, he meets with a KGB officer in the Soviet Embassy and is then directed to Vogel, who represents the Attorney General of the German Democratic Republic (East Germany). The Attorney General seeks to swap Abel for an American graduate student named Frederic Pryor, who had been arrested in East Germany; in the process, the GDR hopes to gain official recognition by the United States.  The CIA wants Donovan to disregard Pryor but he insists that both Pryor and Powers be swapped for Abel. In a message to the Attorney General, he bluffs that they will either release Pryor with Powers or there will be no deal. The exchange of Powers and Abel is to take place at the Glienicke Bridge, with Pryor to be released simultaneously at Checkpoint Charlie. Tension builds as Pryor fails to arrive. The CIA, still primarily concerned with Powers, tell Abel he can go, but Abel, out of respect for Donovan's dedication to both his own case and securing Pryor's release, refuses to move. It is confirmed that Pryor has been released, and the exchange takes place.  The next day, back in the United States, the government publicly acknowledges Donovan for negotiating the deal, rehabilitating his public image.
On her forty-third birthday, Bridget Jones attends the memorial of her ex Daniel Cleaver, presumed dead after a plane crash. She sees her other ex, Mark Darcy, with his wife Camilla.  Bridget now works as a television producer and is close friends with coworker Miranda. After spending her birthday-night alone, Bridget decides to embrace single life, accepting Miranda's offer to go to a music festival where she meets a handsome man, Jack, after she falls into mud. That evening, a drunk Bridget crawls into his yurt, thinking it is hers and Miranda's. He invites her to stay and they have a one-night stand. In the morning, waking alone, Bridget leaves, unaware Jack is out getting breakfast for them.  Returning home, Bridget goes to her friend Jude's new baby's christening, where she is the godmother and Mark has been asked to be the godfather at the last minute. He tells her he and Camilla are divorcing and Camilla was only at the funeral for moral support. Realizing they are still in love, Bridget and Mark spend the night together. Bridget exits before he wakes up, leaving a note telling him she fears reconnecting will repeat their past mistakes.  Weeks later, Bridget discovers she is pregnant. She decides to keep the baby despite being single. After a visit to Dr. Rawlings' clinic, she realizes the father could be Mark or Jack. She is unable to contact Jack until Miranda spots him in a TV ad and discovers he is billionaire mathematician Jack Qwant, creator of a dating website.  Miranda and Bridget conspire to have Jack as a guest on their news show to get DNA samples. Although Bridget tries to stay incognito, he recognizes her and asks why she left after their night together. She apologizes, blurting out that she is pregnant, without mentioning Mark. Initially taken aback, Jack later throws himself into the role of father. Bridget also tells Mark the news; he is so thrilled that she cannot bear to tell him about Jack. Rawlings proposes an amniocentesis DNA test, but Bridget decides not to, as she fears the risk of miscarriage.  Bridget invites Jack to a work event, and is startled when Mark also shows up. The three go out to dinner, where Bridget finally admits she is unsure who the father is. Although disappointed, Jack takes the news well, but Mark is upset and walks out, though he eventually becomes supportive. Mark and Jack eventually become jealous of each other's bond with Bridget and try to one-up each other.  They pretend to be in a gay relationship to avoid embarrassment when the trio attend prenatal classes, which irritates Mark. He becomes increasingly envious of Bridget and Jack's close relationship and is devastated when Jack lets Mark believe he and Bridget had sex without condoms, making it more likely for Jack to be the father. Mark leaves, ignoring Bridget's calls. Jack asks her to move in, but he eventually confesses what he told Mark. Upset, Bridget rushes to tell Mark, but seeing his wife arriving at his house, she walks away.  Nine months into her pregnancy, Bridget finds herself locked out in the rain. Mark arrives and breaks into the flat for her. He tells her his wife was at his flat to pick up the last of her things. Just as they are about to kiss, her water breaks. When his mobile rings, Mark romantically throws it out the window, leaving them without means to call help. They eventually make it to the hospital with help from Gianni the pizza man and Jack. Later Jack apologizes to Mark for his behavior. Bridget gives birth to a healthy baby boy, and her friends and parents visit, her mother coming from a parish-council election she had just won with Bridget's help in liberalizing her platform. Rawlings takes Mark and Jack away to perform the DNA test, and they genuinely wish each other luck.  A year later, Bridget marries Mark, baby William's father. Jack is a guest, showing no sign of resentment or jealousy, happily playing with William. Bridget expresses her contentment that everything worked out. The film ends with a newspaper headline revealing Daniel Cleaver has been found alive.
Humans coexist with other sentient species, notably orcs and elves. While magic is real, its practice is illegal. Magic wands exist, but only a few individuals called "Brights" can wield them without dying.  In Los Angeles, veteran officer Daryl Ward is involuntarily partnered with Nick Jakoby, America's first orc police officer. Jakoby is equally detested by the other officers for his race and his fellow orcs for being a policeman. Ward's relationship with Jakoby is strained since Ward was shot by an orc robber Jakoby failed to apprehend; Internal Affairs suspects Jakoby deliberately let him go.  One night, Ward and Jakoby respond to a disturbance at a safe house for the "Shield of Light", an extremist group that prophesies the return of the "Dark Lord", an ancient semi-mythical figure defeated millennia ago. The lone survivor, an elf girl named Tikka, has a wand. Ward calls for backup, but when the four arriving officers see the wand, they try to coerce Ward into killing Jakoby and letting them steal it for themselves.  Ward goes outside, demanding the truth about the robber. Jakoby admits he lost sight of Ward's assailant and mistakenly apprehended a younger orc, who he then helped flee, knowing that the police would probably kill the boy on sight. When the four officers appear behind Ward, planning to kill both him and Jakoby, Ward guns them down. The gunfire attracts the attention of a Hispanic gang, while rumors of the wand draw the attentions of both its owner Leilah, the leader of the radical elf sect the Inferni, and Kandomere, an elf FBI agent assigned to the federal "Magic Task Force".  The gangsters corner the trio in a strip club, but are slaughtered by Leilah, allowing the trio to escape. At a service station, Ward contacts his friend, Deputy Sheriff Rodriguez. Rodriguez contacts Kandomere, but Leilah intercepts their conversation. While attacking the service station, she kills Rodriguez.  Escaping again, the trio is captured by the Fogteeth Orcs, whose leader Dorghu also wants the wand. He orders his son Mikey to kill Jakoby. Being the orc that Jakoby saved, Mikey refuses to kill him. Sending his son away, Dorghu kills Jakoby himself. As he prepares to kill Ward, Tikka uses the wand to resurrect Jakoby, showing she is a Bright. The Fogteeth's shaman pronounces this to be part of a prophecy, causing the clan to kneel to them, setting them free. Tikka explains that the Inferni believe that assembling three wands will allow them to resurrect the Dark Lord. She was once a member of the Inferni but fled the group and was sheltered by the Shield of Light. Leilah loaned her wand to a Bright assassin to kill Tikka. Tikka killed the assassin, taking the wand.  Using the wand to resurrect Jakoby made Tikka gravely ill, and she can only be healed in a magical pool at the safe house. Returning there, they are ambushed by Leilah and her enforcers. In the confrontation, Leilah's guards are killed, but she holds Tikka helpless as Ward and Jakoby run out of ammunition. Ward grabs the wand, believing that the resulting explosion will kill all of them. To everyone's amazement, Ward does not die, revealing he is a Bright. He kills Leilah with the wand, triggering an explosion that sets the building on fire. Tikka disappears, and the injured Ward and Jakoby escape the building with Jakoby leading the way. After exiting, he realizes Ward is not with him and is trapped inside. Casting aside first responders, Jakoby charges back into the building, pulling his partner from the flames and debris just in time. This act of bravery is witnessed by the Fogteeth clan, and Dorghu 'bloods' Jakoby (a mark of great respect within Orc society).  In the hospital, Ward and Jakoby, understanding that the FBI want any hint of magical activity kept secret, give Kandomere a doctored account of the previous night's events. Kandomere realizes what is going on but accepts their tale nonetheless.  In a public ceremony, Jakoby and Ward are celebrated as heroes, and Rodriguez's memory is honored. Ward smiles as he spots Tikka moving through the crowd in disguise.
In 2006, a spaceship crashes in a forest in Brightburn, Kansas. Tori and Kyle Breyer, a couple who are trying but unable to conceive, see an explosion from their house and go out to the crash site. When they reach the crash they find a spaceship with a baby inside, whom they adopt and name Brandon. The spacecraft is then hidden in their barn, which Brandon's parents tell him to stay away from. Around Brandon's 12th birthday, he begins to discover he has exceptional strength, as well as the ability to fly. It is revealed that Brandon has never bled or received a bruise. His disposition also changes, from a sweet child to having anger and temper issues.  In middle school, Brandon is an academically exceptional student but socially awkward and frequently bullied. Caitlyn Connor, a girl in Brandon's class, shows sympathy for him and tells him that smart people end up ruling the world. Brandon develops a crush and stalks Caitlyn in her room in the middle of the night, scaring her. One day, during a trust exercise in the Physical Education class, Brandon falls towards Caitlyn, but she lets him drop to the ground and calls him a pervert. Angered by her accusation, Brandon crushes her hand and is suspended from school after being accosted by Caitlyn's mother, Erika.  That night, Brandon sleepwalks once again to the spaceship and breaks into the barn where it is hidden, cutting his hand on the ship. Tori follows and sees him levitating, chanting the ship's message: "Take the world". Tori reveals the truth of his origin, and Brandon angrily trashes the house and later kills Erika. Police find a series of symbols drawn on a window while investigating Erika's disappearance, the same symbols that Brandon is seen drawing in his notebook. The next day, Brandon dons his costume and is then caught sneaking into his aunt and uncle's house by his uncle, Noah.  After Noah threatens to tell his father, Brandon kills him by lifting and dropping his vehicle. The following morning, Tori and Kyle inform Brandon of Noah's death, which the police believe was an accident, but Brandon shows no emotion nor empathy. Suspecting Brandon to be the killer, Kyle finds Brandon's blood-stained shirt and shows it to Tori, but she refuses to believe it.  Kyle takes Brandon on a father-son hunting trip in the woods. Kyle attempts to shoot and kill Brandon with his hunting rifle, but the execution fails when the bullet bounces off the back of Brandon's head. Brandon then kills him with heat vision. A sheriff arrives at the Breyers' and asks to see Brandon. Tori tells the sheriff that Kyle and Brandon are not home, so he shows Tori the symbol found at the scenes of Erika's and Noah's deaths. Tori finds Brandon's notebook with drawings of his murders, the same symbol that the sheriff found at both murders and his message to "take the world".  She begins to believe Kyle. She tries calling Kyle, but Brandon answers and implies he is now coming for her.  Brandon returns and begins destroying the house. Tori calls 911, but both the sheriff and his deputy are killed by Brandon before backup can arrive. Remembering that the ship's hull can cut Brandon, Tori runs to the barn and discovers Erika's eviscerated body. As Brandon pursues her, Tori tries to tell him about how much she loves him. She then tries to stab him with a piece of the ship, but Brandon grabs her arm, tosses the shard to the floor, and flies his mother into the sky to drop her from several thousand feet to her death.  After he watches her fall, he looks up to see an oncoming airplane.  The following morning, the airplane is revealed to have mysteriously crashed into the farmhouse, destroying the evidence of the murders from the previous night. Brandon's symbol is seen painted on a piece of the plane wreckage.  In a mid-credits scene, Brandon, now identified as Brightburn, is seen from the perspective of news reports and eyewitness footage over the locations of various disasters, such as a building collapse and a wildfire. An online conspiracy theorist posts his own video analyzing the disasters and referencing attacks by other cryptids elsewhere in the world.
After his girlfriend dumps him, a young man (Chris Lowell) tries to become the kind of person she desires, but his growing love for a singer (Jessica Szohr) and some advice from an astronomer (Allison Janney) help him remain true to himself.
James is forced to live in an underground bunker with his parents Ted and April Mitchum. While Ted tells James that the outside world is dangerous, he often is seen by James leaving the bunker with a gas mask on. James is fascinated with an educational children's show titled Brigsby Bear, centered around the title bear helping characters escape from trouble, because it is the only show he owns and is allowed to watch. One night, he sneaks out only to see several police cars approach the home. As the police raid the bunker, James is taken away from Ted and April, who are arrested.  James is brought to the police station and meets Detective Vogel, who tells James that Ted and April are not his real parents and that he has been held captive since he was a baby. Vogel then introduces James to his real parents, Greg and Louise Pope, and their teenage daughter, Aubrey. Having trouble adapting to his new life, James visits a psychologist named Emily, who informs James that Brigsby Bear is not real and was made by Ted, a former artist and designer, who disappeared with his wife in 1987. Emily explains that the police tracked Ted from the studio where the show was made after he was spotted by a passerby days prior. Realizing that no one else will continue the story, James comes up with the idea to make a movie based on the character to close the series.  One night, Aubrey takes James to a party. He meets Aubrey's friend Spencer and later starts talking about Brigsby Bear to his new friends. He starts production after Vogel, who sympathizes with James through Vogel's own early acting dreams, lends James some props from the show, and Spencer, being a filmmaker, agrees to make the movie with him. Spencer also advertises the movie by uploading episodes of Brigsby Bear to YouTube, where it gains popularity and a new audience. Greg and Louise do not approve of James' activities because they fear it hinders his chances of living a normal life.  While filming in a forest, James uses an explosive he made for a scene that detonates, surprising Spencer. The group is arrested, but James takes the blame for it. The police release him but confiscate the Brigsby Bear props once again. James takes his parents' car out one night to steal the costumes and props. He takes a detour first to his old underground home, now abandoned and cordoned off with yellow tape. James stops by a diner and discovers Whitney, an actress he recognizes from Brigsby Bear. She tells him that she never knew the true circumstances behind the side acting job, having been told by Ted that it was for Canadian public access television. As the police arrive outside, James asks Whitney to reprise her role for his film and admits he has had a longtime crush on her.  James is placed in a mental institution. Meanwhile, Aubrey shows her parents parts of the movie, where the two realize that making the movie allowed him to spend time with his friends. One night, James breaks out of the institution to grab his belongings, but discovers his family, along with Spencer and Vogel, building a Brigsby Bear set in their garage. The family tells him that they had agreed to help out after seeing how happy he was behind the scenes.  James finishes the movie, with Vogel and Whitney in lead roles, and visits an incarcerated Ted, who apologizes for abducting him. James tells Ted about the movie and states that they are having trouble getting the voices right. Ted helps him out by recording the voice-overs for Brigsby and other characters.  On premiere night, the show is sold out and James is worried no one will like it, so he stays out of the theater while the movie plays. After it concludes, James walks into the theater and is met with a standing ovation. While being embraced by his family, James notices a real-life Brigsby on stage. The pair nod at each other and Brigsby disappears.
Narrative acts 1. Revelation 2. Exodus 3. Genesis 4. Retribution  The plot consists of four acts, which are presented in anachronic order. The chronological order is acts 3 (Genesis), 2 (Exodus), 1 (Revelation), 4 (Retribution). So, after the first act, Revelation, the following acts are what happened before and the fourth act is chronologically the last.  1. Revelation Elizabeth "Liz" Brundy lives in the old west with her husband Eli and their two children: Matthew, Eli's son from a previous marriage, and daughter Samantha, called Sam.  Liz works as a midwife who can hear but is mute, and so communicates through sign language. One day, a new Preacher, known as "The Reverend", hosts a session at the local church, and the moment that Liz hears his voice, she seems to recognize him and is terrified by his appearance. Later that day, Liz is forced to choose between delivering a baby safely or saving its mother; she chooses to euthanise the baby and save the mother, without telling her until after the procedure is finished. Afterwards, Nathan, husband of the formerly-pregnant woman, blames Liz. That night, Nathan drunkenly shows up at Eli and Liz's house, violent and threatening; Nathan claims Liz is responsible for his son's death. In the middle of the fight, the Reverend shows up and tells him to leave. He then goes into Eli's house and has a mysterious talk with Liz, saying she is guilty of the murder of Nathan's son and must be "punished". As Eli overhears some of the conversation, the Reverend leaves the house. Eli's sheep are found dead the next morning, and he seeks out Nathan, who has since disappeared. Liz later sneaks off at night to murder the Reverend, but finds her daughter's doll in the Reverend's bed instead. Meanwhile, the Reverend disembowels Eli, and leaves him to die. As he succumbs to his wounds, Eli tells Matthew to take the family up into the mountains to his father, before the boy mercy kills him. Liz and the children flee the farm.  2. Exodus A young girl named Joanna, walking through the desert, is picked up and nursed by a traveling Chinese family. In the mining town of Bismuth, Joanna is sold to a brothel owned by Frank. She is protected by Sally, a prostitute, until she is hanged for shooting a violent customer; another prostitute, Elizabeth, then protects Joanna in the aftermath of Sally's hanging. However, when Elizabeth bites the tongue of an abusive customer, her tongue is cut off as punishment. Joanna teaches Elizabeth sign language from a book the doctor gave her. Elizabeth plans to sneak out of Bismuth to start a new life, and arranges through a marriage broker to marry Eli. The Reverend comes to the brothel, recognizes Joanna, and proceeds to violently abuse her. Elizabeth saves Joanna but is murdered by the Reverend with Joanna slashing his throat in retaliation. She runs away, cutting off her own tongue and taking Elizabeth's place with Eli.  3. Genesis In the desert, two badly wounded men, Samuel and Wolf, are the last survivors in a dispute over gold that has left several other men dead. They depart on a single horse.  Joanna lives with her mother, Anna, and father, revealed to be the Reverend himself. He is strictly religious and is often cruel and abusive towards his family. Samuel and Wolf collapse at the farm and Joanna secretly cares for them. Anna confronts the Reverend when she realizes he lusts after their daughter, so he beats and humiliates her by placing a scold's bridle on her head. In response, Anna commits suicide in full view of the church congregation. The next day the Reverend takes Joanna to church and starts to perform a wedding ceremony between himself and his daughter. Samuel tries to rescue her, but the Reverend murders him. Her father whips Joanna and rapes her. In the morning she runs off.  4. Retribution Matthew is shot by the Reverend as he follows Liz to her father-in-law's place in the mountains. He murders her father-in-law and tells Liz he will beat and rape her daughter, but Liz murders him instead. Some time later, after Liz has turned Eli's place into a sawmill, Nathan arrives to arrest her. The Reverend had sent him to Bismuth where he became a deputy and then sheriff. Having found a wanted poster of Elizabeth Brundy (the woman without a tongue who killed Frank before she saved Liz/Joanna), Nathan has come to arrest her (Liz). As Nathan is escorting her onto a ferry, with a last look at her daughter playing on the shore, Liz throws herself in the lake and drowns. Her daughter Sam, now a grown woman with a child of her own, remembers her well.
Destiny is a bossy, overconfident, victory-obsessed cheerleader who often ignores input from her peers, including her best friend, Willow. Though largely self-centered, she does have a high degree of respect for Cheer Goddess, a retired cheerleader who was a five-time champion and now hosts a popular podcast. Destiny is the captain of The Rebels, a cheer squad based in America, who has won many world championships.  While performing at a local tournament one day, the squad's routine is interrupted when the audio and visual feed is hacked by The Truth, a mysterious, masked squad who threatens to dethrone them. Humiliated, Destiny flees the scene, stumbling across a group of street dancers who ridicule her for her profession. Meanwhile, as a result of the attack from The Truth, public opinion turns against The Rebels, causing them to lose members and get ridiculed online as other cheer squads throughout the world become emboldened to try and break their winning streak as well.  Undeterred, Destiny decides to scout around a local diner for new (male) members, but when the attempt fails, she decides to recruit the same street dancers she encountered the other day. When they refuse, The Rebels make a bet that if they can beat the street dancers in a dance-off, then the dancers will join the squad, which they ultimately do. While the two parties have difficulty getting along, Destiny does manage to start a budding romance with Blake, the leader of the dance troupe, who also reveals himself to be a graffiti artist. Nonetheless, she still finds herself frustrated at how unproductive the practice sessions turn out to be and vents her frustrations via video diaries on her laptop, in which she insults the new members of her own squad. Amidst all the infighting, Willow comes up with some new routines alongside one of the street dancers, with whom she also forms a romantic bond, though Destiny is quick to reject this, believing herself to be the only one capable of leading The Rebels to victory. After some self-reflection, however, Destiny decides to lighten up and be a more open-minded captain.  Meanwhile, The Truth goes on Cheer Goddess' show and proposes a worldwide tournament that would be voted on by the people, pressuring The Rebels to partake in it. Soon after this, however, Destiny's rant gets leaked online for the entire squad to see, causing many members, including the street dancers, to resign from their positions. Destiny eventually puts together that The Truth was formed by Willow, alongside Hannah, the seemingly dimwitted member of The Rebels, in retaliation for her overly strict leadership, and that many of the former Rebels have also joined this new squad. Standing by her best friend, Willow states that her intention was only to teach Destiny a lesson and that Hannah betrayed her by trying to bring down the whole squad in addition to this.  Destiny and Willow decide to make do with the remaining cheerleaders on their squad, but are surprised to see some former members, including Roxanne, come back, stating that Hannah is behaving the same way Destiny did before. Feeling more emboldened, and even managing to reclaim some of the street dancers, The Rebels partake in the worldwide competition, competing against now-unmasked Truth in the finals and ultimately besting them.
The film is a loose retelling of the life of pop superstar Britney Spears. It starts from the beginning of her career not including The Mickey Mouse Club. It also goes into her relationship with Justin Timberlake. The film also covers her marriage to Kevin Federline, her downward spiral and ends with her performing at her residency in Las Vegas. The film did not use any of Spears' songs, due to the singer and her team not consenting to the film's production.
Brittany Forgler is a 28-year-old living in New York City, employed as a greeter at an off-Broadway theater. She and her roommate Gretchen, a teacher's assistant dreaming of social media fame, are hard partiers who abuse drugs. Visiting a new doctor to score an Adderall prescription, Brittany receives the unwelcome diagnosis that she is overweight and must get healthier. She visits a gym only to find even the cheapest membership fee is out of her reach. Despite her fear, she sets small achievable goals, and tries running on her own outdoors. She is invited to run in a group with her neighbor Catherine, whom Brittany detests for her seemingly perfect life. After another night of partying by Gretchen, Brittany joins the group run and meets Seth, another struggling runner, learning they have equal goals. Brittany, Seth, and Catherine bond and, after a 5K run, set the ultimate goal: running in the New York City Marathon.  Brittany seeks a second job to afford a gym membership and becomes a pet sitter in a wealthy home. On her first day, she meets fellow pet sitter Jern, who is essentially living in the house against the rules. After a falling out with Gretchen over her changing lifestyle, Brittany moves into the house as well, bonding with Jern over their stalled lives. Seth and Catherine's predictions that Brittany will have sex and fall in love with Jern eventually come true.  Brittany gets within five pounds of her goal of losing 45 pounds. Unable to win a place in the marathon through a lottery, as Seth does, her only hope is to raise enough money for a charity. At Catherine's divorce party, Catherine offers to donate $5000 from her family trust and from Seth so Brittany can run in the marathon. Brittany turns down the offer, saying she does not want pity, and she leaves. She pushes to lose more weight by running even harder, until one of her shins becomes too painful to walk on. Five weeks from the marathon, her doctor informs her she has a stress fracture and will be unable to run for six to eight weeks, and the damage may be permanent.  Distraught, convinced she will gain back her weight, Brittany returns to the dog-sitting house and discusses the state of her life with Jern. The homeowners return and, disgusted Jern and Brittany have been living there, fire them. Brittany takes a bus to Philadelphia to visit her sister Cici and brother-in-law Demetrius, who was a father figure to Brittany after their parents' divorce and father's death. She ignores calls and texts from Catherine, Seth, and Jern, saddened to see Seth and Catherine with their marathon medals. That same day, she disrupts Demetrius's birthday party by making comments about an overweight female guest due to her own insecurities. After a stern but heartfelt talk with Demetrius, Brittany returns to New York and her former apartment, now alone.  Brittany continues exercising but stops tracking her weight loss. She applies for advertising jobs, for which she trained initially, and lands an entry-level position in Tribeca. She reconnects with her friends. Catherine reveals that running was a distraction from her nasty divorce, explaining that a year ago, she broke her wrist and was prescribed Oxycodone; her husband used it as evidence she had relapsed into drug use, and the court denied her visitation rights to their children. Brittany encourages Catherine to take small steps to win her children back. Brittany sets boundaries with Jern to just be friends while she works on herself.  One year later, Brittany runs in the marathon. At the 22-mile mark, she develops a cramp and has to pause. She rejects medical assistance, but accepts an assistant's offer to help her up. While considering quitting, she finds Seth, his husband and sons, and Catherine in the crowd cheering her on. She also encounters Jern, who says he loves her. She then keeps going and finishes the marathon.  An epilogue reveals Brittany and Jern living together as a couple, but she does not want to marry him despite his suggestion. She kisses him and leaves the house to go on a run.
Three struggling actors impersonate New York City Police Department undercover cops to take down a notorious drug dealer and obtain material for their edgy police drama.
NYPD police officer Billy Taggart is arrested for the murder of Mikey Tavarez, who was believed to have raped and murdered 16-year-old Yesenia Barea but avoided a conviction due to a technicality. Chief Carl Fairbanks goes to Mayor of New York City Nicholas Hostetler with a witness and evidence incriminating Taggart, but Hostetler buries the evidence. A judge clears Taggart as having shot Tavarez in self-defense. In a private meeting with Taggart, the mayor calls him "a hero" but still forces him to leave the police department.  Seven years later, Taggart is living with his girlfriend Natalie Barrow, an aspiring actress. His private detective business is on the verge of bankruptcy when Mayor Hostetler hires him to investigate his wife, Cathleen Hostetler, whom he suspects is having an affair. With his assistant Katy Bradshaw, Taggart learns that Cathleen is visiting Paul Andrews, who is the campaign manager of Jack Valliant, Hostetler's rival in the upcoming elections. At a fundraiser for Hostetler's campaign, Cathleen reveals to Taggart that she knows he has been following her and advises him not to trust her husband. Taggart gives the mayor photos of Cathleen meeting with Andrews.  At the debut screening of Natalie's film, she reveals that her real name is Natalia Barea and that Yesenia was her sister. Taggart is shocked at Natalie's sex scene and strongly disapproves. Consumed with guilt over working for Hostetler, Taggart drinks excessively and argues with Natalie, and she breaks off the relationship. He receives a phone call from Katy and rushes to a crime scene to learn that Andrews has been found murdered.  Taggart tells Fairbanks, now the commissioner, of his work for the mayor. They learn that Valliant was in Andrews' apartment. Valliant reveals that Andrews was scheduled to meet Todd Lancaster, the son of Hostetler's wealthy benefactor, contractor Sam Lancaster. A furious Cathleen tells Taggart that Andrews was a close friend, not her lover, and had promised her information about Hostetler's plans for the Bolton Village Housing Project, expected to enrich both Sam Lancaster and the mayor. Hostetler wanted to discover Cathleen's source, so he manipulated Taggart into tracking her.  Taggart decides to investigate Mayor Hostetler for corruption. He goes to Lancaster's construction business and finds workers destroying documents. Stealing some, he discovers that Bolton Village has been sold to build high-rise office buildings, rather than a new housing development, leaving hundreds homeless while Hostetler and Lancaster profit. Taggart is pursued in a car chase by Hostetler's men, who run him off the road and take back the documents. Taggart then visits Todd Lancaster, who says he had intended to give Andrews a copy of the demolition contract as evidence against Hostetler on the night Andrews was murdered, and gives Taggart the contract. Taggart confronts Mayor Hostetler, who is unfazed, and reveals a video showing Taggart murdering Tavarez in cold blood. Taggart records their conversation of the mayor admitting to his own corrupt dealings.  Despite the risk of further prosecution for Taverez's murder, Taggart turns the recording over to Fairbanks. While Hostetler is at home celebrating a successful debate, Fairbanks arrives to arrest him and tells the mayor that he was having an affair with Cathleen. In the film's final scene, Taggart meets Fairbanks at a bar, and they toast to Valliant, who has won the election. Katy comes in to say goodbye before the two men leave the bar.
Firmly in the tradition of American Westerns, it follows the lives of the two orphaned brothers. The older one, Buddy, sees his father being shot. Vulnerable and described as "slow", Buddy gets co-opted by gangster Julius Hench and turns into his key assassin. While Buddy grows up in a lawless environment, younger brother Jakey is a violinist auditioning for the New York Philharmonic and on the verge of marrying his Italian girlfriend. But first Jakey must return to his dusty home town near the U.S.–Mexican border to receive his wedding present from his older brother. Returning to that one-horse town opens up unhealed wounds and forces Jakey and Buddy to confront some ugly truths.  Hench will not let Buddy quit the job. He will do anything to keep his most efficient, easily manipulated killing machine on his rolls, including bumping off Jakey. When Jakey realizes what Buddy is up against, he orchestrates a rather poorly designed plan to help them both escape from Hench.
A teen's life is shattered by a fatal car crash, leaving his mother dead and him lost from the world. He's forced to move to a small town to live with his grandmother, whom he's never met. After living together, they discover that they're unable to find peace with their own demons until they've found peace with each other. Broken Roads is a contrasted portrait of life and dealing with loss. A character driven journey of rediscovery and the hills climbed which forever change us.
Frank (Jon Foster) is an active member of fictional fraternity Sigma Zeta Chi, and hazes pledges for initiation by forcing them to believe they are going to rob convenience stores. Adam (Trevor Morgan) and Kevin (Lou Taylor Pucci) are pledges who go with Frank to rob the stores. Before they enter the store, another active brother gives them the money and reveals it was a break designed to test their bravery. However, due to confusion over which stores to stop pledges, Kevin is not stopped and actually tries to rob the store; Kevin is shot in the shoulder as a result. Frank finds out of the mix-up and attempts to stop Kevin but is too late. With Adam's help, he subdues the store clerk, Mike (Arlen Escarpeta), who is a high school friend of Adam. They return to the fraternity house and clear a party to take care of Kevin's wounds, but Frank orders Adam and Graham (Luke Sexton) to go back to the store, recover the security tape, and check on Mike. When returning to the store, they find that the security camera does not work, but Mike is reluctant to tell the police a lie to cover their tracks.  Scared by Mike's attitude, Adam and Graham kidnap him and take him back to the house. Frank refuses taking Kevin to the hospital, fearful that the police will learn about the night's actions, and instead calls Bean's (Jesse Steccato) medical professor to take care of Kevin. Adam tries to blackmail Mike by secretly recording an elicited confession, but Mike stops talking once he discovers the recorder. Kevin's sister Emily (Jennifer Sipes) appears and angrily threatens to call the police over an unrelated prank. As she leaves, she is involved in a car accident with Bean's professor, who suffers a concussion and is rendered unable to help Kevin. With time running out and Kevin losing blood, Frank orders Mike's torturing to ensure his cooperation. At the same time, Officer Jennings (Jeff Gibbs), who is a former member, discovers Kevin but decides to stay quiet. Adam becomes insistent in taking Kevin to the hospital and tells Frank he can get leverage on Mike after hearing money is missing from the store. Adam is able to get Mike to admit he stole the money, but Mike will only cooperate if they return the stolen money and clear his name. After a tense standoff with a nervous clerk, Adam and Frank succeed in returning the money, and Frank allows them to drop off Kevin in the hospital; they claim it is a hunting accident.  Frank says the night is a victory but Adam sees otherwise and decides to leave the fraternity, angry at their arrogance and callousness. After Adam punches Frank, the other members catch Adam and begin to beat him harshly, as Frank claims that their brotherhood and loyalty helped them get out of trouble. Another fraternity member, Jackson (Chad Halbrook), returns to the house and remembers that a pledge was locked into the trunk during the party; when they open the trunk, they discover the pledge has died from alcohol poisoning. Adam finally calls the police and tells them everything, which leads to the arrest of Frank and others.
Ten years after the events of Adulthood, retired criminal Sam Peel has settled down with his girlfriend Kayla and their two children, while financially supporting Alisa and her teenage daughter, whose father was "Trife", whom he killed years ago. Alisa has forgiven Sam, but wants him to tell her daughter what happened to Trife. One day, Sam overhears a girl describe how she was attacked by a man named "Mooks". While performing at a gig, Sam's brother Royston is shot by a gunman, Drew, who leaves behind an envelope addressed to Sam. Visiting a recovering Royston in the hospital, Sam learns from Royston's bandmate Henry that Drew was ordered to shoot Royston. Henry gives Sam the envelope, containing an address, which he insists Sam must go to alone.  On the way to the address, Sam bumps into a woman, Janette, who "accidentally" spills coffee. At her flat, she seduces Sam while recording the encounter. Sam arrives at the address, a mansion, and enters but he is outnumbered and beaten. Daley intervenes on behalf of Mooks, the criminal boss. Sam refuses to work with Daley, and is taken to the basement where he sees Curtis, Trife's uncle, who wants revenge for Trife's death and for Curtis's time in prison. Sam escapes the house but is caught by Drew and other thugs. When Henry arrives to rescue Sam, Hugs stabs a thug as a warning. Sam calls Kayla and tells her to hide the family from Curtis. However, upon seeing the DVD of his sexual encounter with Janette, an angry Kayla leaves him. Sam seeks help from his old friend Buds, now a detective, but Buds cannot enter the mansion without a warrant.  Furious that Sam has contacted the police, Daley orders Curtis to hurt Sam's family. Instead, Curtis and Hugs conspire to kill Daley and take over. Sam and Royston's mother Mrs. Peel sees Janette being attacked, and brings her inside. As Janette texts someone, Mrs. Peel calls Sam who senses he is being set up and that Janette works for Daley; she lets in Curtis and Hugs, who kills Mrs. Peel. The police arrest Sam; but Buds releases him. At the funeral, Royston tells Sam that he is moving to America with his pregnant fiancée. Sam and Kayla have sex after the funeral, but Kayla refuses to return to Sam until he ends his involvement with Curtis and Daley.  Sam breaks into the gym, looking for a gun. Brick tells Sam he and Calvin are seeking revenge on Mooks for raping Sariya, Brick's daughter. Sam and Henry track down Daley's henchman, helped by Hassan. Sam assaults Drew who reveals Curtis' and Daley's whereabouts. Elsewhere, Henry encounters one of Mooks' henchmen, Yardz, and confesses that he has been lying to his girlfriend to hide from her and his son, who he wrongly thinks is not his. Henry also successfully persuades Yardz to change his life and leave Mooks.  Sam storms Daley's estate with Hassan, Henry, Brick, Sariya and Calvin, as police approach. They link with Curtis and Hugs. As Sam knocks out Janette and kicks the door open, Daley, suspecting that he was being double-crossed by his gang, fatally stabs Hugs and escapes. Sam pulls the knife from Hugs as the police arrive and make arrests. After being exonerated by Buds, Sam calls Curtis to fight to the death. Sam overpowers Curtis and wrestles a gun away. He pulls out the bullets, dropping them and the gun on the floor. Curtis loads a single bullet, but before he can shoot Sam, police gun him down. Dying, Curtis tells Sam where Daley is.  Sam, Brick, Sariya and Calvin find Daley filling a bag with money. The four unmask Daley as Mooks, the real boss, and confront him for beating and raping Sariya. Sam takes the bag from him and leaves as Brick shoots Mooks dead.  Safely away, Sam divides up the money with Royston, Alisa, and everyone who helped him get revenge on Curtis, Drew and Mooks. Strolling with his family, Sam encounters Buds, who refuses to help him any further but affirms they are still friends, warning him to stay out of trouble.
Set in the city of Philadelphia and famed Overbrook High School, Brotherly Love follows star high school basketball player Sergio Taylor (Hill) as he struggles navigating the fame that comes with being a star athlete. Sergio's older brother June (Hardrict) saw his own basketball dreams fade away when he turned to the streets to provide for his family after the death of their father. Sergio's twin sister Jackie (Palmer) saw her ambitions of having a music career side tracked after unexpectedly falling in love with Chris (Quincy Brown).      It starts with the brutal killing of five hill boys hanging out. Junior “June” for short, wakes up and prepares Sergio for the day giving him some money. When they get to school Jackie (Keke Palmer) meets up with her two best friends Trina and Simone who is dating and has a child with June. They briefly talk about a boy named Chris from the hill and the upcoming school dance before Jackie goes off to the library. While there, Jackie meets Chris and he offers to drive her home, despite the warning that she is June's sister. When she gets home she is accosted by her mother, who is dealing with addiction since her father's passing.     While rolling dice, June gets into a fight with Zip's cousin who declares the neighborhood for the hill until the mystery gun man is found. Sergio's friend, Dez tells Sergio and Sean about a plan to break in and steal some items from a house up the hill. Sean shows a bit of interest while Sergio is hesitant. Sergio is conflicted and he goes to his uncle Ron's barber shop for advice. Uncle Ron tells him that every child in Philadelphia has the potential but what they lack is the focus, he shouldn't end up like his father or brother he tells him. “your talent doesn’t determine your fate your action does”.  Jackie is on her date with Chris who shows up late but makes up for it, when he surprises her by getting her studio time to record a song he wrote for her. Sergio meets up with June for late night practice. He literates his fears, June encourages him and reminds him of their plan to make it and leave the hood for good. Meanwhile, one of June's best friends Bunch is ambushed and killed.  While returning from the court just outside their house, June and Sergio are ambushed. Sergio escapes but June is held and drag into the house down to the basement where he sleeps, and is robbed of all the money he had been saving. While getting dragged out, his mother comes down the stairs and is shot by one of the assailants. They continue dragging June out who is struggling, alerting the neighbors who come outside, forcing the assailants to abandon June in the street.  Meanwhile, Jackie returns from her date with Chris and sees the police cars outside her home. She rushes to June, who tells her her mother had been shot and is on the way to the hospital. June gets angry when he sees Chris and tells him to leave. Sergio, June and Peanut (Bunch's brother) are together when June gets a call informing him about Bunch's killing.  Time passes as their mother heals. Jackie and Chris continue to see each other. Jackie finds out she is pregnant and keeps it to herself. Sergio considers Dez's plan because he wants to help with the money problems. June warns Jackie to quit seeing Chris because of the war going on between them and the hill, she refuses stating the fact that it has nothing to do with her and Chris.  June has a discussion with his mother, who says he has always been there for them showing strength and endurance. She tells him to look after himself and ease up on Jackie because she will end up despising him. Sergio wins his basketball season and June holds a surprise party in his favor. While at the party, Chris is outside saying he has information that might help June in finding the people responsible for shooting his mother and killing Bunch. Grateful, June quickly invites Chris in for the party. That night after the party June and Peanut follow the lead and end up killing them.  They all prepare for the brook ball school dance. Chris and Jackie end up going together and they win prom king and queen. Dez and Sean convince Sergio, who is reluctant, to go steal from the house. He eventually agrees. They enter the house through the back door with the key Dez stole from the house some weeks earlier.  They split up, Dez and Sean go carry the flat screen to the car, while Sergio goes upstairs for the jewelry and money. Unbeknownst to them, the house alarm had been triggered and the police arrive. While upstairs Sergio opens the drawers and takes nothing. Dez and Sean, while loading the TV in the car, get arrested. The officer enters the home sees and recognizes Sergio and sets him free, declaring the house clear.  Meanwhile, at the dance June takes Chris outside and Jackie tells him when he comes back she has something to tell him. June expresses his gratitude, gives him money with no strings attached, and promises to look after him. Chris says he didn't mean to fall in love with Jackie and pulls out a gun and shoots June dead. It is revealed that Chris was there the night of the hill boys shooting and his cousin Omar was killed. June is revealed to be the mystery shooter.  Having survived such an ordeal, Chris swore revenge. He sought after Jackie. Before their studio date he arranged the hit on Bunch and June, hence his late arrival. Chris tries to flee, but is trapped by the police and surrenders. Jackie is called outside by Simone to find June dead, as Sergio arrives.  Two years later Sergio has taken up the role of June and has a successful career in basketball, living in a big mansion with his mother, Jackie and her daughter. He hands Jackie a letter written by Chris from prison. Jackie reads the letter which states Chris is full of regret, expressing how he loved Omar the way she loved June, how he wishes he never killed June because he put them through the same type of pain. He wishes how they could’ve been married and even had a kid because he still loves her even if he never told her and tells her to live her dreams. Jackie cries while reading the letter. Sergio is at June's gravesite, before he enters his Bentley and drives off.
“Brutus” continues the concept of "Witnesses" trilogyBrutus, short film about WWII filming in Romania. hotnews.ro and tells us story of the Holocaust through the eyes of a German Shepherd dog Brutus. The Nuremberg Laws have separated the dog with his favorite mistress, Jewish woman. In the process of training and taming Brutus becomes a concentration camp beast-killer. The film is based on a novel of a Czech writer Ludvik Ashkenazy.Oksana Fandera and Filipp Yankovsky will play in a movie about the Holocaust. www.jewish.ru  Oksana Fandera and Philip Jankowski will appear on the screen together again. people talk.ru
When their originally planned outing is cancelled, four friends go on a hunting trip in Texas.  They include Craig, a straitlaced man; Jerry, a mysterious relative of Craig's from New York; Tom, a nerd; and Lance, a hedonist.  When they arrive, they discover that a chupacabra has bitten their guide Clyde, and, unknown to all, he has begun to slowly turn into a zombie.  As Clyde shows the friends their cabin, Lance and Candy, Clyde's daughter, make out in the next room.  Clyde warns them not to cross onto the property of Billy Ray, a local gangster, and, discovering Lance and Candy, angrily leaves with his daughter.  Later that night, Craig reveals that he intends to marry his girlfriend, and Lance behaves strangely; Jerry tells Craig that Lance and Craig's girlfriend have been having an affair, but Craig refuses to believe it.  While out hunting, Craig is horrified when he accidentally shoots Clyde, but, after Clyde survives several attempts by Jerry to put him down, Jerry insists that Clyde has obviously become a zombie.  Unconvinced, Craig insists they take Clyde back to town.  Along the way, they are stopped by Officer Shipley, who demands to see the tags on their kill.  As the others panic, Jerry knocks Shipley unconscious despite their objections, only to find that Clyde has disappeared when they check their truck.  Tom leaves on his own, and the others return to their cabin.  There, Candy seduces Lance in the shed. Once Lance realizes that she has turned into a zombie, he attempts to escape and is bitten.  Jerry insists that they shoot Lance in the brain, but Craig once again refuses and locks Lance in the bathroom.  When they receive a desperate call for help from Tom, Jerry goes to rescue him from Billy Ray's gang, who have been sexually humiliating him for fun.  Tom and Jerry bond over their attempts to escape from and defeat Billy Ray's gang and the zombie townspeople.  Meanwhile, Lance escapes from the bathroom and attacks Craig; however, once Lance eats his cannabis-laced brownies, he becomes more mellow and attempts to help Craig work through his feelings of inferiority.  Once the drug effects wear off, Lance reverts to his bestial nature, and Craig, now feeling more assertive, kills Lance with a shot to the head.  Tom and Jerry arrive back at the cabin, and they attempt to work out a plan, as Jerry forgot to refill their truck's gas tank. Before they can escape, Jerry accidentally wounds Tom, who is then dragged off by the zombies and killed.  Craig and Jerry are about to give up when they hear Shipley arrive.  Shipley, who does not understand their warnings, dies when zombies surround and eviscerate him.  Craig and Jerry run to his cruiser, and a zombie Tom begs them not to leave without him.  As Craig awkwardly apologizes to Tom, Jerry hotwires the car, and they escape.  On their way, they strike a deer, and Jerry remarks that it was a clean kill.  Having finally killed a deer, they agree that the hunting trip was a success.
Bucky Larson, a small-town man-child with big buck teeth, works at a local grocery store, and still lives at home. One night while watching porn with his friends, he stumbles upon a family secret: his quiet and reserved parents were famous adult performers in the 1970s. This motivates him to leave northern Iowa for Hollywood, hoping to follow in their footsteps and fulfill his destiny as the biggest adult-film star in the world. However, he has no idea how to become a porn star like his parents, and his penis is incredibly small.  Once he reaches Los Angeles, he meets and falls in love with Kathy, a kindhearted waitress, who introduces him to Gary, the former roommate of John Mayer. After moving with Gary, he pursues his job as a porn actor. Through a series of misadventures he ends up at an industry party, where he is humiliated by narcissistic porn star Dick Shadow. The next day, he meets fading porn director Miles Deep. They make a test film where Bucky prematurely ejaculates, and they consider the endeavor a failure. But after one of the crew uploads the video to YouTube, Bucky achieves popularity as his small penis makes women appreciate their partner's endowment and the men do not feel threatened.  After failing to secure an adult film contract for Bucky, Miles decides to produce films with him independently. They eventually achieve success with their videos, but Bucky chooses Kathy over fame. Before he can tell her how he feels, she rejects him without explanation, leaving him brokenhearted. During a film shoot, Miles confesses that he had told Kathy to leave Bucky so he could have his prize star all to himself.  Bucky forgives Miles and goes after Kathy, who is on a horrible date with Dick Shadow. Bucky declares his love for Kathy, and the two get married. After one year, Bucky opens his own steakhouse. One night, Gary comes into the restaurant and yells at him for owing him rent money, and tells Bucky he is "just like John Mayer".
Every year Bob and his friends compete in the "Buddy Games," a series of fun and crazy obstacles meant to bring them closer together as friends. Shelly has won the competition six times, most recently defeating Bender in the final round via a paintball competition. During their drunk celebrations, Shelly teabags one of his friends who has passed out. Bender and Nikki (Shelly's wife) joke about shooting Shelly in the scrotum in retaliation for Shelly's drunk and egotistical behavior. It is later revealed that Bender aimed the gun at Shelly, but did not actually pull the trigger. Instead, Nikki pulled the trigger, shooting Shelly in the scrotum. Shelly eventually loses both of his testicles (which he keeps secret from his friends) as a result of the accident, but Bender takes the blame to save Shelly's failing marriage and as revenge for Shelly's mistreatment.  Five years later, Shelly is suicidal and has been admitted to the hospital. His marriage to Nikki has failed and he is now living with his mother. Shelly's mother calls Bob, now a successful and rich businessman, and orders him to start the Buddy Games again so that Shelly will have something to live for. When Bob suggests to Shelly they compete in the Buddy Games with their friends again, Shelly agrees to participate so long as Bob does not reveal to anyone that he lost both his testicles and that Bender not be invited. Bob agrees to these terms.  Bob calls all his friends (except for Bender) who all enthusiastically agree to participate. Bob's girlfriend is less than enthusiastic about Bob participating in the buddy games again, and after a fight she leaves via helicopter. Meanwhile, Bender finds out about the return of the Buddy Games from the other friends and surprises Bob at his mansion. To spare Bender's feelings for not being invited, Bob lies to Bender by telling him that to play in the Buddy Games this year, he will have to pay a $10,000 entry fee. Bob also reveals to Bender that Shelly lost both of his testicles in the accident, which shocks Bender.  Bob, Shelly and their friends then travel to a secluded cabin in the woods to participate in the Buddy Games, but Bender arrives unexpectedly. He announces that he was able to acquire the entry fee for the games by selling all of his late mother's possessions and giving hand-jobs to the homeless. He also reveals to the group that Shelly lost both of his testicles when he offers Shelly vials of his own sperm so that Shelly could have children if he wanted. Bob then reveals to Bender that he was not actually invited and that he had made up the entry fee so that Bender's feelings would not be hurt. Frustrated, Bender goads Bob into offering a cash prize of a hundred thousand dollars to the winner of the competition by relating how each of the friends, except for Bob, need the money. Shelly then begrudgingly accepts Bender in the competition.  The first day of the games includes an eating competition, a race on mini motorcycles, a water slide, a mud crawl competition, and a watermelon smash. Bob wins the first leg of the competition because Shelly misses the finishing line flag which is placed in the air after the water slide. In the next challenge each of the friends drink an entire bottle of laxatives before being tasked with picking up a woman at a bar. Bender wins the competition by tricking and teasing his friends. In the following competition, the friends smoke a joint and then strap a raw piece of steak to their heads. A komodo dragon is then released into the room and the friends compete to see who can stay the longest in the room. Shelly wins, seemingly losing his mind, and biting the dragon's tongue as it flicks at him.  Bob, Shelly, and Bender all advance to the final stage of the games. The night before the final competition, the friends celebrate by drinking pina coladas but unbeknownst to the rest of the group, Shelly has spiked these drinks with Bender's semen. The friends then watch a commercial which Durfy has appeared in, but mock it. Frustrated, Durfy wanders in the woods and is attacked by a rabid animal. Bob, Doc and Zane search for Durfy and upon finding him, convince him that he should continue acting by encouraging him to perform an impromptu scene.  Meanwhile, back at the cabin, Bender has fallen asleep and Shelly kidnaps him and duct tapes him to a tree. In the morning, Shelly destroys Bender's van (a gift from his late mother which he has been living in) by crashing it into a tree as revenge for shooting him. Bender then reveals that it was Nikki who shot Shelly.  The following day, the three finalists, Bender, Bob, and Shelly don protective gear and hunt each other in a field using bows. Bob's girlfriend, Tiffany arrives to support him but Bob is immediately eliminated by being shot in the hand. Bender and Shelly then face off and while Shelly is able to get the drop on Bender, Bender catches the arrow mid flight. Bender and Shelly then fight hand to hand, resulting in Bender winning the competition and the cash prize.  Bob's girlfriend then proposes to him stating that he must now be ready to move on from his friends and the Buddy Games, which Bob rejects. Enraged, Tiffany beats Bob, Doc, Zane, and Durfy while berating Bob for choosing his friends instead of her and leading her on for five years.  In the credits, Zane reveals that he is gay to Doc and Durfy secures a role on a CW show. Shelly, after avoiding all contact with Bender, is kidnapped by Bender who reveals that he has used part of his winnings to purchase a variety of artificial scrotums for Shelly.
Buddy Hutchins is just a regular guy doing his best to support a wife and two kids. A recovering alcoholic, Buddy hasn't had a drink for the better part of a year, but it turns out the only reward for his good behavior is a failing business and a cheating wife. Throw in a ruthless bounty hunter and a hot-tempered ex, and Buddy's already short fuse is about to blow. Pushed over the edge and armed with a chainsaw, Buddy Hutchins is out for blood.
David is a former child actor with big plans. Not only is he about to audition for a role in a movie about Lewis and Clark, but he is also about to marry his fiancée, Frankie. Unfortunately, Frankie leaves David just a few days before their wedding. In an effort to help David deal with his grief, his best friend Flula suggests that the two men take the trip that David had planned for his honeymoon with Frankie. After some prodding, David reluctantly accepts this idea, and the two men embark on a seven-day hike through the mountains of Oregon. Along the way, David and Flula interact with a variety of quirky characters, but most importantly they strengthen the bond of friendship between them.  To prepare for his film audition, David is reading the diary of William Clark, which describes not only the Lewis and Clark expedition and their adventures along the trail, but also his friendship and interactions with Meriwether Lewis. As they travel, David notices a series of parallels between his literal and metaphorical journey and the expedition of Lewis and Clark through these same Northwest woods, as well as the friendship between the two men. This creates many points of bonding between David and Flula even as they make their way through one misadventure after another.
The documentary is an intimate look into the lives of two very young, professional Muay Thai fighters: Stam Sor Con Lek (now known as Stamp Fairtex) and Pet Chor Chanachai.  At only eight years old, the two girls fight throughout rural Thailand to earn money to support their families, as well as trying to secure the 22-kilogram Muay Thai Championship belt of Thailand. The film also addresses the culture of children's fighting through interviews with the children's parents, the referees who officiate the fights, and the professional gamblers who bet on them.  The impoverished farming communities of rural Thailand offer few opportunities for economic gain and boxing is one of the few alternatives to the country’s commercial sex trade as a means of escaping the extreme poverty. Child boxers in Thailand can often earn a family’s monthly rent from a single bout, sometimes taking home more than what a farmer or factory worker earns in a month.  For the film’s young protagonists, boxing is an opportunity to help their parents supplement the family income and improve their standard of living.
Peg Dahl is born in Buffalo, New York to a poor, blue-collar family. Disappointed in her family's financial situation and inspired by her late father's tendency to hustle, she looks for ways to make money. Through her childhood she studies economics and works small money-making schemes with a plan to attend an Ivy League school and work on Wall Street.  When Peg gets into a good college but can't afford it, she begins selling counterfeit tickets to Bills games. She is eventually caught and is sentenced to forty months in prison. When Peg is released from prison she first works at her brother J.J.'s bar cleaning toilets. But then she hustles the local debt collection firm to erase her own legal debt by working for them. She rises to the top but is cheated by the owner of the firm.  At the bar Graham, who works for the DA and is investigating the shady debt collection racket in Buffalo, and Peg connect. They sneak out during a bar brawl and she takes him to her place. She tells him she's quitting her job, so they exchange info and then sleep together.  The next morning Peg announces she's going to start her own debt collection business, but legit, based on intel Graham provided her. She recruits fellow hustlers, from phone sex operators to Asian business owners and a fellow parolee. The idea is like sales, the pitch she gives them is to free people from the pressures of debt.  Peg's firm is successful, but constant sabotage and veiled threats haunt her and pressure builds between her and her former employer. She takes her employees' commissions, reinvesting it in the company. Her former boss, Wizz, not only destroys her offices, but creates problems in her personal life, like taking her brother's bar from him.  Inviting J.J. to dinner, he gets mad when Peg asks him what he's heard from Wizz, as he's often in the bar. J.J. gets up and leaves. However he does stand up to Wizz, who first roughs him up and then gets her family arrested, her mom for hairdressing off the books. Peg loses it, going to Wizz'es premises. She coaxes him out by firing shots into the air, then they physically fight, but the cops stop them; arresting her for setting off the firearm.  Peg and her mom talk in an interrogation room, and she gets called out for always going for money making schemes and not trying to earn money honestly. In court, Peg takes a deal and works with the police to take down the other debt collection agencies.  Uniting the citywide collection agencies at J.J.'s bar, Peg gets them on tape confessing some of their shadier business practices while their offices are raided by the cops. Forty-two people are arrested for illegal debt collecting and before being taken back into custody, she burns over 50 thousand debt sheets equivalent to over one billion in debt. Peg is sent back to prison for destruction of evidence, where she teaches the other inmates finance as part of her plea deal.  Peg is eventually released from prison and returns to her family and friends, who give her seed money to start over. She decides to tackle hedge funds.
In Houston, Texas, Kris is a 14-year-old girl who lives with her grandmother and younger sister while her mother Janis is incarcerated. One night, Kris breaks into the home of Abe, a man who lives down the street from her, in an attempt to steal his alcohol and painkillers for her and her friends. She is caught by Abe, but in lieu of her serving time in a juvenile hall, Abe agrees to let Kris make amends by helping him clean his house and repair his chicken coop. Unbeknownst to Kris, Abe is a former bull rider whose accumulated injuries caused him to leave the sport. Abe manages to scrape a living as a trainer for the next generation of riders. He and Kris gradually form a tentative friendship as she is exposed to the world of bull riding. Though Kris finds a new passion for the sport, bad influences threaten to lure her back to her delinquent ways. Abe also struggles with the realities of getting older and aging out of the rodeo star life.
Nearing retirement, maverick Los Angeles-based detective Frank "Bullet" Marasco is assigned to hunt down the notorious drug baron Carlito Kane, following a tipoff from Leroy, who is later whacked to death with a golf club due to interrupting Kane's golf game. Bullet and his team storm one of Kane's hideouts but fail to capture him.  The plot thickens when Governor Johnson's daughter is kidnapped by Kane along with her boyfriend, in a bid to save his son Manuel from execution via lethal injection. Kane streams the execution of the boyfriend on a phone to the Governor and says that his daughter is next if they don't stop the execution of his son. Thereafter, Bullet send his grandson Mario to a community park where Kane exacts revenge on Bullet by kidnapping his grandson. Eventually Bullet himself is abducted too, but only for a brief period of time, as he is able to escape. After a lengthy car chase, Bullet successfully evades Kane and his men but gets ambushed by them once again the next day.  Finally, Bullet calls it quits as a civil servant and resigns, secretly becoming a vigilante and goes to his cousin for weaponry to take Kane down. He proceeds to interrogate one of Kane's aides, killing her in her bathtub after she fails to fully cooperate. Panicking, Kane and his closest subordinates retreat to a desert where Bullet starts to kill Kane's henchmen one by one, including his grandson's four kidnappers. The final showdown between Kane and Bullet has the latter emerge as victor. Bullet reunites with his grandson and rescues Johnson's daughter. The victory is sweetened when Manuel Kane is publicly executed. Bullet, his daughter and his grandson savour the evening at the beach.
Interspersed flashbacks occur of a Perro de Presa Canario, a large mastiff, from a dog fighting ring, as well as his owner Blue, who has abused the dog in order to make it fight. Despite growing large and taking on multiple canine opponents within single matches, the dog has become injured, and Blue instructs the handler to put him down.  Following a botched robbery, the getaway driver of a four-man crew was presumably shot as there are three bullet holes shown in the driver's side window. The getaway car is shown out-of-control and then crashing into an abandoned warehouse, with the driver shown dead, his head resting on the steering wheel. The other three criminals, Stacy, Walker, and Gage take refuge in the warehouse. Stacy contacts another driver, but they won't be picked up until the heat dies down the next day. While Stacy and Walker discuss cracking a stolen safe, Gage is in opiate withdrawal and desperate to shoot up. Gage is revealed to have messed up the robbery when he left his post to steal drugs from a pharmacy. As they wait for morning, Stacy thinks of his girlfriend Grace who had left him years before, but asked him to join her. Stacy is hesitant to leave a life of crime. Walker tells Stacy a story from when he was younger; a failed burglary led him to stealing a number of fish from a pet store as a gift for his daughter. However, all the freshwater fish died in the saltwater, but the saltwater fish survived.  Inside a locker room, Gage finds drugs, medical supplies, and testosterone. He then finds the dead body of the dog's handler, and the monster dog itself standing over the corpse. The dog pursues the three men but they are able to trap it in the locker room. Gage drops his bag containing opiate pharmaceuticals on the way out. A police dog handler arrives on the scene to search the vacant building, followed by squad car with another two officers. The mastiff sneaks up on the officer, but does not attack him when the officer shows affection to his K9 dog. The police leave without detecting the criminals. Stacy and Walker share their opinion of dogs, with Stacy telling a story of how he became a dog person after he purchased a poodle to sniff out truffles for a burglary. He'd been caught by a security guard, but the guard was afraid of dogs and ran away.  Gage sneaks back into the locker room where he injects heroin. After he is calmed, Gage bangs on the barricaded door for the other two to let him through. The dog sneak attacks Gage and is released from the locker room. Gage's hand is torn up and Walker is injured falling through some scaffolding. After a brief chase the men barricade themselves in the locker room, but the dog gets in through a hole in the wall. The men make it to the back offices and lock the dog out. While discussing whether or not they are dog-people, Gage tells the story of a dog he rescued as a child. Gage's father couldn't feed the dog, and because Gage stole food for the dog, his father killed it in front of him. While searching the office, Stacy and Walker find a back room full of dog-fighting winnings, at least double what they estimate is in their safe. They bag the cash and return to Gage, but Gage has shot up again and died of an overdose.  Although severely injured, Walker stops Stacy from calling an ambulance, and urges him to leave him behind. Stacy insists on getting him out using the truck Gage had spotted. Stacy returns to the dead dog handler to obtain his car keys, but the handler's body has been dragged away. Following the traces, Stacy also finds a pile of dead dogs. He is repulsed, but quickly is confronted by the mastiff. The mastiff chases Stacy through several rooms before Stacy ends up hiding inside a grand piano from the dog. The mastiff eventually figures out his hiding spot, and furiously attacks the piano until it collapses. Stacy is knocked out, but as he wakes finds the mastiff is stuck under the debris of the piano. Stacy debates leaving, but instead lifts the piano off the dog, who then leaves Stacy unharmed.  Stacy fetches Walker and takes him to the handler's van. As they are about to leave, Blue, the mastiff's owner, pulls up in his car. Seeing them with a bag of his cash, he draws his gun on them and kills Walker. Blue then pursues Stacy through the warehouse with an automatic rifle. Stacy falls from a ledge and escapes through water, but sustains some gunshot injuries and is forced to ditch the bag of money.  Stacy is pursued by Blue into the dog fighting ring; he is shot again, this time severely. As Stacy lies wounded and helpless, Blue tells him a story of how he acquired his first mastiff. This mastiff was owned by his neighbor, and was tearing through Blue's mother's garden. The neighbor did nothing to stop it, so Blue killed the neighbor and took the dog. He chastises Stacy, saying a dog doesn't understand ownership, but a thief, like Stacy, does. The mastiff arrives in the ring, surprising Blue. Blue aims his gun at the dog, but in a moment of egotism, lets his guard down, and the mastiff attacks. Blue and the mastiff wound each other fatally. Stacy crawls up to the dying dog, patting him on the head and calling him a good boy.  A final scene shows Grace watching children play near an ocean, when Stacy arrives with a young puppy in tow.
In New Orleans, hitman Jimmy Bobo and his partner Louis Blanchard kill a corrupt former WDCPD policeman, Hank Greely. Decompressing at a bar, Blanchard is murdered by another hitman, Keegan, whose attempt to also kill Bobo fails.  WDCPD Detective Taylor Kwon arrives to investigate Greely's death. Meanwhile, Keegan meets with his employer, Robert Morel, and Morel's lawyer Marcus Baptiste. Baptiste reveals that Greely tried to blackmail Morel, and provided local mobster Baby Jack with a file detailing Morel's illegal operations. Keegan kills Baby Jack and his men and retrieves the file.  Kwon meets Bobo but is attacked by corrupt cops ordered by Morel to prevent Kwon from investigating Greely. He is shot before Bobo rescues him. Using Kwon's intel, they go to a Turkish bathhouse, where Bobo interrogates Ronnie Earl, the middleman who hired Bobo and Blanchard on Morel's behalf. Ronnie tries to kill Bobo, but Bobo kills him after a struggle. When his gun jams, nearly causing his death, Bobo angrily confronts Kwon, who admits to having tampered with Bobo's gun, not trusting him. The two decide to put aside their differences and work together.   Bobo and Kwon kidnap Baptiste and take him to Bobo's secret boathouse, where he is forced to hand over a flashdrive detailing an extensive corruption scheme put in place by Morel to replace low-rent housing projects with luxury condominiums. He reveals that Keegan is an ex-mercenary. Bobo kills Baptiste just as Keegan and his men attack. Bobo and Kwon escape and Bobo detonates a bomb, killing Keegan's men. Angered at Bobo's methods, Kwon abandons him and meets with Lieutenant Lebreton to ask for his help. When Lebreton tries to kill him, as he is also on Morel's payroll, Bobo saves Kwon again.   Morel has Bobo's adult daughter Lisa kidnapped and offers to trade her for the flashdrive. Keegan becomes furious when Bobo is safely allowed to leave with Lisa; he kills Morel before confronting Bobo. This culminates in an intense axe fight until Bobo stabs Keegan and Kwon shoots him dead.  Kwon retrieves the flashdrive and Bobo shoots him in the shoulder to make it appear as if Kwon failed to capture him. He suggests that Kwon blame him for all of Morel's gangsters that Kwon shot in the struggle. Six weeks later, Kwon meets with Bobo and tells him that he did not in fact mention Bobo's involvement to the police, but if Bobo continues in this business, Kwon will take him down. Bobo welcomes him to try.
While Wayne sleeps in their parked car, Keaton and Robin don masks and sneak into a house to kidnap Gordie, who is asleep in his room. When Gordie puts up a fight, Robin knees him in the crotch and Keaton hits him with a dose of ether. The kidnappers throw the unconscious Gordie into the trunk of the car and drive off.  The next day and it is revealed that Gordie, Keaton, Robin, and Wayne are longtime best friends from college and have reunited for Gordie's bachelor party in Red River, Kentucky. They plan to visit all their favorite distilleries along the Bluegrass Bourbon Trail and find the one distillery they could never locate in college – Arcadia. When they discover their favorite distillery has been turned into a winery, Gordie wanders off to a small antique shop. There he learns the legend of the Bullitt Treasure, buried Prohibition money rumored to be hidden somewhere in Bullitt County. It is also revealed that Gordie is a recovering alcoholic, sober now for almost ten years.  Gordie convinces his friends they should ditch their plans and look for buried treasure, and the four friends set up camp deep in the woods of rural Kentucky. They spend several days digging and hanging out by the campfire, drinking and getting high and singing.  Their adventure is interrupted by an elderly couple, introduced as Mr. and Mrs. Hitchens, who invite the campers back to their nearby house for a home-cooked meal. Keaton discovers their name is actually Bullitt, and the husband accuses the friends of stealing his family's treasure. As the situation escalates, Gordie grabs a rifle off the wall and kills Mr. Bullitt, then locks Mrs. Bullitt in the chicken coop. As Gordie, Keaton, and Wayne clean the house, Robin shoots and buries Mrs. Bullitt.  Panicked and exhausted, the friends race to tear down their camp and remove all trace of their expedition, but Gordie wanders back to the house and begins drinking Mr. Bullitt's bourbon stash, lapsing into an unhinged version of himself. During the confrontation that follows, it is revealed that Keaton had, in fact, found the treasure and was keeping it from the other three. Gordie pulls the pistol on Keaton, but Robin pepper sprays him first, and in a panic, he fires off four shots. Keaton is hit in the femoral artery and crawls off into the woods. Gordie leaves the pistol and stalks off after Keaton, with Wayne in tow. Robin grabs the pistol and heads after Gordie. Keaton manages to stop Robin before she shoots Gordie, and she realizes Keaton desperately needs medical attention. She leaves the gun with Keaton and hurries off to find help. Gordie soon locates Keaton, takes the gun, leaves Keaton for dead, and begins hunting Robin.  Through a series of flashbacks from college, it is revealed that Wayne has actually been dead for ten years, having been hit by Gordie who was drunkenly driving Keaton and Robin home from a night of partying. The friends buried the corpse and swore each other to secrecy. Unable to cope, Gordie has been seeing Wayne ever since, the embodiment of his guilt.  As Robin tears through the forest, she falls down an embankment into a tangle of barbed wire and Gordie catches up to her. He attempts to shoot her, but there are no bullets in the gun. Gordie is shot in the back by Mrs. Bullitt, whose life Robin had spared the previous night. Robin is left to struggle out of the barbed wire on her own, and with her last bit of strength, she manages to find the Arcadia Distillery.  The film ends with a flashback to a month after Wayne was killed, the three friends sitting in a bar uncomfortably trying to live a normal life after what they've done. The last shot is Wayne appearing to Gordie for the first time.
On the planet Cybertron, the Autobots, led by Optimus Prime, are on the verge of losing their war against the Decepticons and prepare to evacuate the planet. Decepticon forces led by Starscream, Soundwave, and Shockwave intercept the Autobots during their evacuation, and Optimus sends Autobot scout  to Earth in an escape pod to set up a base of operations while he stays behind to fend off the Decepticons. B-127 reaches Earth and crash-lands in California in 1987, disrupting a training exercise by Sector 7, a secret government agency tasked with monitoring extraterrestrial activity on Earth. Colonel Jack Burns presumes B-127 to be hostile and orders his men to attack the Autobot. B-127 scans a Willys MB jeep and flees to a nearby mine, where he is ambushed by the Decepticon Blitzwing. When B-127 refuses to reveal Optimus's whereabouts, Blitzwing tears out his voice box and damages his memory core, prompting B-127 to kill the Decepticon with one of his own missiles. B-127 scans a nearby 1967 yellow Volkswagen Beetle before collapsing from his injuries.  Elsewhere, Charlie Watson, who is depressed by the death of her father and resentful of her mother Sally's relationship with her new boyfriend Ronald, finds the Beetle in a local scrapyard owned by her Uncle Hank, who gives it to her as an 18th-birthday present. When trying to start it, Charlie accidentally activates a homing signal that is detected by the Decepticons Shatter and Dropkick while they interrogate and kill Cliffjumper on one of Saturn's moons. The two Decepticons head to Earth, acquire human-made vehicle forms, and encounter Sector 7; pretending to be peacekeepers, they persuade the agency to help them capture B-127, despite Burns' objections.  As Charlie attempts to fix the Beetle, it transforms into B-127, whom she befriends and names "Bumblebee". She then unknowingly unlocks a message from Optimus urging Bumblebee to defend Earth, which restores some of his memories. They are discovered by Charlie's neighbor Memo, who agrees to protect their secret, while Bumblebee learns to use his radio to communicate. While left alone one day, Bumblebee unintentionally destroys Charlie's home and causes an energy spike that attracts Sector 7's attention. When Sally blames Charlie for the havoc, Charlie has an emotional breakdown and finally expresses her pain over her father's death and leaves with Bumblebee and Memo, only to be intercepted by Sector 7 and the Decepticons. Bumblebee is captured while Charlie and Memo are returned home.  Charlie convinces her brother Otis to cover for her and Memo as they follow Burns to the Sector 7 outpost where Bumblebee is being held. While torturing Bumblebee, Shatter and Dropkick accidentally activate a message from Optimus and learn that the Autobots are coming to Earth. Dropkick then kills Bumblebee and Dr. Powell, but not before the latter is able to alert Burns to the truth about the Decepticons.  Charlie electroshocks Bumblebee back to life, restoring his memories, and fends off Burns' obstruction. After evading the military with the help of Memo and her family, Charlie and Bumblebee pursue the Decepticons, who are using a radio tower at a nearby harbor to contact their allies on Cybertron. Shatter shoots down Burns' helicopter when he tries to intervene, but he is saved by Bumblebee. Bumblebee fights Dropkick and binds him with a chain, ripping him apart. Charlie deactivates the Decepticon beacon, only to be pursued by Shatter. Bumblebee destroys a dam wall, triggering a flood that causes a cargo ship to crush and destroy Shatter. Bumblebee and Charlie escape the army and later arrive on a cliff overlooking the Golden Gate Bridge, where Charlie, realizing that Bumblebee has a greater purpose, says goodbye. Bumblebee takes on a new 1977 Chevrolet Camaro form and drives off, and Charlie reunites with her family and Memo.  Bumblebee reunites with Optimus, who successfully escaped Cybertron. He praises Bumblebee for keeping Earth safe as they watch more escape pods enter Earth's atmosphere. Meanwhile, Charlie finishes repairing the Corvette she and her father were working on and takes it out for a drive.
The film opens to a snuff film, consisting of 8 mm footage of a handcuffed woman being stabbed to death. The film then switches to six friends, who are driving through a desolate area. They find themselves being harassed by a truck, driven by a man in a rabbit costume who refuses to communicate with them, or show himself to them. He forces them to pull over and parks behind them. After an indeterminate length of time the costumed man drives away and kills a woman he was holding captive by ripping her in half with chains attached to his truck.  Eventually, the Bunnyman returns and causes the group's car to crash, killing Jack a short while later when he rams the vehicle from behind as Jack is working underneath it. The remaining five proceed to travel on foot, encountering a deranged hillbilly, a woman called Melissa, and a man who advises them to seek shelter in a supposedly abandoned cabin nearby, saying they will return for them after a trip to the hospital. In reality, the two are disposing of the bodies of some of the Bunnyman's victims. On route to the cabin, two of the quintet spot the Bunnyman butchering bodies and he kills one of them with a chainsaw.  Chased to the cabin which belongs to the Bunnyman, the group loses two more members when Mike is killed with a chainsaw, and Tiffany is captured and tortured to death by the Bunnyman and his demented, hunchbacked accomplice, Pops. After the Bunnyman hacks Tiffany's body to pieces and sits down to eat her flesh with Pops and Melissa, the remaining two travelers, Rachel and John, are captured while trying to get Melissa's car keys. As Melissa prepares to murder a bound Rachel, John manages to free himself from his restraints, kills Melissa, and takes her keys and car.  As John and Rachel flee, they are chased by the Bunnyman's truck again. Concocting a plan the two pull over and John exits the vehicle carrying an unmoving Rachel who he offers to the Bunnyman. The Bunnyman hesitantly takes Rachel and places her in the cab of his truck, where she springs to life and stabs him in the neck with a pair of scissors, wounding him, and she kicks him out onto the road and driving away after John gets into the truck. As Rachel laments "We're going to need a lot of therapy" the wounded Bunnyman is shown walking off into the sunset. The credits then roll, alongside more 8mm footage depicting what appears to be the young Bunnyman and his family.
In the aftermath of a major global conflict, which caused untold amounts of death and destruction, guns have been outlawed. However, even in spite of there not being firearms anymore, people still continue to fight and kill one another, except now they rely on either bladed weapons or their bare-fists.  Within this new world of might makes right, where your strength and skill in combat determine your place in life, Nicola the Woodcutter is the most powerful man East of the Atlantic, a shadowy crime boss who rules his territory with an iron fist and his nine elite assassins called "The Killers" with his right-hand man, Killer No. 2, a cold-hearted, smooth-talking murderer in a red hat and armed with deadly cane-sword; and his unwilling lover, Alexandra, a femme fatale with a secret past. The citizens live in fear of Nicola's gang and wait for the hero who can overthrow them.  However, one night, a mysterious Drifter enters the "Horseless Horseman Saloon" and talks to the Bartender, asking for two things: A shot of whisky and a game of cards. However, the Drifter learns the only place in town with both of those things, "The Russian Roulette", is controlled by Nicola and only accepts rich players. Later on, another stranger enters the same bar, a lone samurai by the name of Yoshi; he travelled far and came to this town in order to fulfill his father's dying wish and recover a lost medallion which had been stolen from their village. Armed with crossed destinies, incredible fighting skills and the wisdom of the Bartender, the two eventually join forces to bring down the corrupt reign of Nicola.  After a string of altercations, leading the Drifter and Yoshi to injure several police officers as well as many of Nicola's goons, Killer No. 2 slays Yoshi's uncle and kidnaps his cousin, Momoko to work in Nicola's brothel. In retaliation, the pair teams up with the Bartender and a whole army of freedom fighters to invade Nicola's palace. As the Bartender rescues Momoko, he's briefly reunited with his long-lost love, Alexandra only for her to tragically be lost amidst the falling debris of the now burning brothel.  Meanwhile, after defeating several of Nicola's Killers, Yoshi faces off against Killer No. 2 and manages to fatally stab him while the Drifter advances toward Nicola, who proceeds to severely injure him, throwing an axe directly into his chest when his guard is down. However, despite his exhaustion from his previous battles and the injury he suffered, the Drifter doesn't give up and proceeds to slash Nicola's throat open with an arrowhead taken from Yoshi. As he stands over his fallen foe, the Drifter reveals the truth to a dying Nicola, explaining that his real motive for coming here was to avenge his father, whom Nicola had killed in an underhanded way.  With the reign of the Woodcutter and his gang finally brought to an end and Yoshi recovering his clan's medallion, the heroes part ways, hoping to meet each other again.Bunraku, Guy Moshe , TIFF 2010 Films
The film follows Mike Burden, an orphan raised within the Ku Klux Klan who attempts to break away when the woman he falls in love with urges him to leave for a better life together. The Klan seeks Mike out for vengeance. A black Baptist church congregation, led by Reverend Kennedy, agrees to protect Mike, his girlfriend and her son.
Alice "Ali" Marilyn Rose is a young waitress from Iowa who has dreams of becoming a professional dancer ever since losing her mother in her childhood. After her selfish boss refuses to pay her salary, she takes what he owes her from the register and moves to LA, where she attends many auditions with little success.   One night, Ali comes across a burlesque club where its owner Tess Scali and an entourage of dancers perform an opening number. She also meets songwriter-bartender Jack Miller at the club's bar. He refers Ali to Tess for an audition, but she tells her to return another time and her assistant Sean ushers her out. Upon seeing the waitress shortage, Ali picks up a tray and begins serving. As a result, she manages to get a job as a waitress at the club.  When Georgia, one of the leading dancers, becomes pregnant, auditions are held in search of a replacement to fill her role. Ali performs a difficult dance routine and eventually persuades Tess to hire her. This infuriates Nikki, a lead performer struggling with alcoholism.  Ali replaces Nikki one night to host a performance after the latter is too intoxicated to perform. In a fit of rage, Nikki tries to sabotage the performance by turning off the music that the dancers usually lip sync to until Ali impresses everyone with her singing skills. Her performance is an instant success to which Tess casts her in an upcoming show. Despite the club's growing popularity, Tess struggles with a bank loan having a lien on her ownership rights of the building.  One night after the club closes, Tess grows increasingly worried about her finances before a drunken Nikki shows up, accusing Tess of rejecting their long friendship. In defense of Ali, Tess questions Nikki's gratitude for the help she has received during her binges. In retaliation, the furious dancer quits after she reveals to have slept with Tess' ex-husband Vince. Tess leaves, angrily smashing the passenger-side window on Nikki's convertible.   Meanwhile, Ali and Jack become romantically attracted. However, he is already engaged to Natalie, an actress working in NYC. Sean encourages Jack to end the engagement, as Ali is a better person than his shallow fiancée. Marcus, a wealthy clubgoer, becomes infatuated with Ali, who begins spending time with him, making Jack jealous.   At Georgia's wedding, Jack appears to call off his engagement and becomes drunk. That night, he and Ali sleep together, beginning an affair. In the morning, Natalie unexpectedly returns from New York and finds them in bed together. Natalie angrily insists she and Jack never broke up though the latter denies this yet asks Ali to leave. Heartbroken and betrayed, Ali runs to Sean for support and learns that Sean is gay. Marcus calls Ali, and Sean prompts her to go out with him.  Ali learns that Marcus is interested in the "air rights" above the club; he hopes to build a skyscraper on the property. Distraught, she abruptly leaves. She later tells Tess about his plan, so they inform the owner of new million-dollar condos being sold across the street. Fearing the obstruction of his prospective purchasers' view, he buys the air rights to the club's property from Tess. She then uses the money to buy out Vince's share, pay off the bank, and redecorate the club in her own vision. Later, a sobered Nikki admits that she lied about sleeping with Vince out of anger, and Tess rehires her.  Ali rekindles her relationship with Jack after he tells her that he broke up with Natalie because she cared more about her job than about their relationship. Having earned Nikki's respect, Ali performs "Show Me How You Burlesque", a song written by Jack, with all of the dancers on stage, delighting the crowd.
Melinda begins the graveyard shift as an attendant at a gas station. A man named Billy parks his stolen vehicle outside and enters the store with a concealed handgun. A police officer named Liu pulls up and strikes up a conversation with Melinda. Later, as Liu purchases coffee, Melinda takes a photo of him, and her coworker Sheila catches her in the act. Melinda drops her phone, breaking the screen, and Liu consoles her before being called away on an alert. Sheila bullies Melinda into showing her the multiple photos she has taken of Liu.  Upon returning from a break, Melinda finds Billy engaging Sheila in a robbery. In a rather jovial manner, he demands cash and demonstrates that his gun is real by firing it when she doubts him. Billy is disappointed by the small amount of cash in the register and Melinda offers to empty the safe for him. Returning with a backpack of money, she tells Billy she wants to go with him. A struggle ensues when she refuses to hand over the backpack until he agrees. Billy wrestles the backpack from Melinda, but Sheila berates him as he leaves, angering him. He grabs her and forces her to the ground, ordering Melinda to lock the doors and go into the bathrooms. Billy hauls Sheila to the break room and begins beating her, but Melinda sneaks up behind him and throws the pot of coffee in his face. Scalded, he accidentally fires his gun, killing Sheila before Melinda hits him over the head with a fire extinguisher, knocking him out. When he awakens, he finds himself strapped to a chair as Melinda quietly mops up the blood.  Melinda and Billy converse and she gets him a cigarette, aspirin and water. She gives him some pills, but he realises that she has given him cheap erectile medication instead of aspirin. She proceeds to tape his eyes and mouth shut and attempts to rape him. He struggles and he is able to rip the tape holding one of his arms, knocking Melinda away. Still blind, he tries chasing after her, but knocks himself out again. Melinda takes his gun and the backpack and cleans up the room.  Melinda quietly unlocks the front door for a customer, who berates her for not having any coffee.  Melinda puts the gun to her chin briefly before breaking down and sobbing, telling the customer to leave her alone. Perry, Sheila's boyfriend, then shows up to give her a ride home and finds her phone on the floor. Melinda tells him that Sheila left with another man. Once Perry leaves, Melinda steps out back to find somewhere to bury the bodies when some bikers arrive looking for Billy. She claims not to have seen him and will not let them enter the store. After an armed standoff, the bikers leave.  Realising she cannot access the surveillance data to destroy it, Melinda begins filling containers with gasoline. Liu then returns, recognizing Billy's car as stolen. He questions Melinda, who says she has not seen anything suspicious, but Liu calls the manager for access to the surveillance data.  Melinda fails to stop Liu from searching the store, but finding nothing, he leaves. Billy has escaped, leaving only zip ties behind. Melinda begins dousing the store with gasoline when she hears Billy entering the store and hides. He disables the power, which locks the front doors just as Perry returns, suspicious about Sheila's disappearance. Billy escapes through the back door and barricades it with dumpsters before strangling Perry. Melinda calls Liu and admits that she needs help as Billy rams Perry's car into the front doors, shattering the glass.  Backed into a corner, Melinda pleads with Billy to simply take the money and leave, but he wants revenge. He fires his gun, which ignites the gas and engulfs him in flames. Melinda grabs a fire extinguisher and escapes through the front door as Liu and other officers arrive. He helps Melinda into his car and comforts her.
Set two years before the pilot episode, the film is narrated by Sam Axe (Bruce Campbell), a US Navy SEAL Commander, who is being questioned by Admiral Lawrence (John Diehl) about a mission in Colombia.  Sam reveals that he had unwittingly had an affair with a superior's wife (Chandra West) and that he was punished with a dangerous mission: to track down a terrorist group known as the Espada Ardiente and assess the need for American support against them.  In Colombia, Sam meets his new team, including Commandante Veracruz (Pedro Pascal), then goes to a local clinic to tell them that they're in danger only to be brushed off by the two employees, doctor Ben Delaney (RonReaco Lee) and charity worker Amanda Maples (Kiele Sanchez). Later, while scouting the area against orders, Sam discovers that Veracruz and his men are preparing to attack the clinic themselves and kill him to game the system for aid, so Sam sneaks off to the clinic to sound the alarm again, yet they still won't take his help. Thinking Sam has been kidnapped, Veracruz moves quickly to destroy the clinic but a local teenager, an orphan girl named Beatriz (Ilza Rosario), gets to the clinic early and tells Sam he's coming. Once he's convinced Ben and Amanda of the danger, Sam helps them get all the patients out and blow up the clinic as a distraction for the escape. Beatriz suggests hiding with her only friends, the Espada Ardiente, which works for Sam and his mission, especially since they have no alternative. Upon their arrival, Sam discovers that the Espada Ardiente is merely a small, but resilient, group of shepherds on a small farm that the corrupt Veracruz is trying to secure as a way-point for drug transportation. After watching them do very basic training and promising Amanda he won't leave them, Sam heads back to Veracruz's camp to call for support and stall long enough for help to arrive. Veracruz calls his bluff and almost forces him to reveal where the Espada Ardiente are hiding out, but the farmers give Sam a way out and he escapes back to them, where he apologizes and tells them how they can all help him stop Veracruz. Altogether, they then travel to a CIA outpost to ask for help, narrowly escaping a trap set by Veracruz along the road. They arrive to the isolated outpost and find its only use is observation, and is practically empty except for two men and some radio equipment, which they use to call for assistance. Sam is instructed that nothing will happen until he travels to the nearest military base first to detail the situation. Again, Sam promises he'll return and gets on the helicopter with the two men, but they admit nobody is coming until they go through the proper channels, and that the locals are essentially being left for dead in a "compromised" facility, giving Sam no choice except to force them to land at gunpoint.  In the present, the Admiral tips his hand that things are heading towards a trial, but Sam refuses a lawyer and continues his story.  At the outpost in Colombia, Sam strong-arms the CIA men into calling for backup, which won't arrive for three hours, leaving him and the others to hold off Veracruz as long as possible. Their odds get worse when reinforcements show up for Veracruz, and, despite their best efforts to block his path, eventually they run out of ammunition and must retreat back to the outpost. Still anticipating assistance, Sam has the guys call out again, birthing his alias "Chuck Finley," and learns that they won't have enough time. Shortly thereafter, Veracruz arrives on scene, so Sam heads outside to buy his friends more time. They refuse to surrender to Sam and rough him up a bit before firing on the outpost, and then, the cavalry arrives to save the day. Once Veracruz and his forces are in custody, and all of Sam's friends have said their goodbyes, he is escorted back to the base to testify.  The Admiral evaluates the situation and threatens Sam with a court martial, but Sam has an ace up his sleeve: Beatriz, seeking redemption for influencing her friends to fight in the first place, has photographs of the entire operation and published them in Colombia's largest newspaper with his encouragement. He then strikes a graymail deal with Lawrence, promising to remain silent about the whole thing in exchange for the following: exoneration for all his friends; rebuilding the clinic; leaving the farmers alone to their herds; finally, for himself, an honorable discharge with full pension, a first-class plane ticket to the city of his choice, (Miami), a change of clothes, and an ice-cold beer.
After the death of his infant sister, 8-year-old American boy Wes tells his grieving parents that he is a Mongolian goat-herder who was born in the wrong place. Joined by an ambitious young filmmaker named Ismail, Wes leads his family to Mongolia on a soul-searching journey.
Best friends Lieutenants Dan Lynch (Trent Ford) and Will Stephensen (Morgan Spector) are U.S. Navy fighter pilots flying the McDonnell Douglas F/A-18C/D Hornet fighter aircraft. Both pilots have an aspiration to become the youngest pilots accepted into the space program. After two accidents, one of which is due to Will's failing eyesight, their unit is subject to a NCIS investigation led by John Cokely (Michael Sirow).  At the same time, a third pilot, Matt Blackwood (Rob Mayes), arrives on the carrier and quickly develops a close friendship with Dan, driving a wedge between Dan and Will. Cokely's investigation leads to him uncovering rumours about Dan and Matt's relationship just as they both begin to fall in love. When Matt decides to leave his wife and move in with Dan, there is a third accident, and Cokely's investigation ramps up the pressure on Dan.
Dylan (Landon Liboiron) finds out via Facebook that his best friend from high school, "Bodhi" has died suddenly of an aneurysm. Reluctantly, he returns to his old neighborhood in New Mexico to grieve his popular friend's death. Yet, as past lovers and old friends follow suit, Dylan gradually realizes his homecoming also means reconciling the realities of his present with those of the people from his past. The former classmates struggle with the experience of confronting not only Bodhi's sudden passing, but their own vulnerability to blind chance. Throughout their reunion, sticky feelings of love, longing and regret are stirred up in the characters, alongside novel insights into forgiveness, mortality and gratitude.
John Gaveneau buys a tiger as part of his plans to set up a safari park. Meanwhile, John's stepdaughter, Kelly, is with her autistic brother, Tom, whom she has taken to a special hospital for him to be cared for while she is at college. However, Kelly's payment to the hospital is rejected and, upon calling her bank, she is informed that John withdrew all the money and closed the account.  After bringing the tiger home, John instructs his workers to board up the house in preparation for an approaching hurricane. As the windows are being secured, Kelly confronts John and begs him to give her the remainder of the money; he explains that he spent it all on the tiger. Kelly is angry with him, telling him that her mother (who committed suicide by taking an overdose of pills) wanted the money to go to Tom and Kelly. However, there was no official will, so John took the funds for himself. Upset, Kelly calls her college to defer her start until the second semester, citing family issues; however, she has already deferred twice, and her professor tells her that if she does not start college that semester, he will give the scholarship money to someone else.  Upon going home and sending Tom to bed, she sleeps and dreams of suffocating Tom so that she won't have to take care of him anymore. While she sleeps, the front door is opened, and an unknown person releases the tiger into the house. When Kelly goes to the kitchen for a drink, she finds a note from John claiming that he has gone to the store. Returning upstairs, she sees the tiger cross the foyer beneath her.  She discovers that all of the windows and doors have been boarded up, and she is trapped. She is horrified to find that Tom is missing from his bed, but she is unable to use the house phone to call for help, as the hurricane has brought down the phone lines. After discovering her phone is not on the charger where it is supposed to be, she realizes that she might have dropped it down the laundry chute with her clothes. She sneaks into the laundry room to retrieve it, and makes another attempt to contact emergency services; due to the high volume of calls, however, she is unable to do so. She tries calling John, but his cell phone is in his car, which is parked outside of a bar; John is inside drinking beer and gambling.  Several close encounters follow between Kelly and the tiger; Kelly and Tom hide in John's study, with Kelly bleeding heavily as a result of her injuries from the tiger. She barricades the door with a desk and bandages her leg. She soon discovers that John has taken out life insurance policies on both her and Tom, and intends to collect the money upon their deaths. She finds a handgun, but there are only five bullets; she loads the gun and sneaks out into the hallway hoping to shoot the tiger, and tells Tom to go to the laundry room. As the tiger approaches, she cocks the gun and fires, but the first chamber is empty and Kelly is forced to flee.  In the laundry room, she is able to break the board-covered window and climbs out just as the tiger breaks in to the room and leaps to attack her. She runs to her car, but as she is trying to start the engine, she remembers that Tom is still alone in the house with the tiger. She returns to the house and climbs back in through the window. Upon finding Tom, she promises that she will never abandon him. She intends to lead him to the laundry room, but the tiger attacks. She then instructs Tom to climb into the massive chest freezer John had bought upon deciding to open the Safari Ranch, and she climbs into it as well. Safe from the tiger, she hums a lullaby for Tom, and he falls asleep.  The next morning, Kelly wakes to the faint sounds of drilling; John is removing the board from the front door. Kelly and Tom climb out of the freezer and walk into the foyer to see John wielding a rifle, intending to kill the tiger. Kelly pleads for John to let them go. It is then that John reveals that Kelly's mom was going to leave him, so he killed her and made it look like suicide. Following the murder, he removed Kelly and Tom from life insurance, and admits he was responsible for sending the tiger into the house to kill them. Suddenly, the tiger leaps and attacks John. It then proceeds to eat him, allowing Kelly and Tom to sneak out of the house. Standing outside among debris from the hurricane, Tom takes Kelly's hand and they begin to walk away.
The Green-Eyed Monster Dedra Davenport meets Chloe, the 15-year-old daughter of her fiancé Dennis for the very first time. However, she is soon disturbed by how close father and daughter are, committing suicide by cutting her veins just like Chloe's mother, feeling herself shut out and betrayed by the unhealthy close and bordering on incestuous relationship between the two.   This Little Piggy Ginny Bai agrees to participate in an unconventional sex act with her boyfriend Chad Bower. Soon after she begins to slowly lose her mind when she cannot seem to get rid of an odd smell from her finger.   Buyer's Remorse A rich and well-recognized West Hollywood gay couple decide to adopt a seven-year-old African girl. They prove to be mentally unprepared for the challenges and risks involved in parenthood, especially since she is a decided mute who refuses to speak to them, and abandon her.   Kangaroo Court A group of bullying, bratty boys, cared for by an irresponsible nanny are puzzled by their maid (Paz Vega) keeping the umbilical cord of her dead child and eventually discover that the maid murdered her own child to punish her boyfriend for infidelity.   Maneater An unidentified man breaks into the apartment of meek woman Sarah Cotton, and rapes her. Sometime later she finds the man's wallet and is able to track him down and approaches him, wanting him to rape her again.
Five young men pledge Lambda Lambda Phi Fraternity at the historically Black institution, Frederick Douglass University.  Student Zurich leads the pledge class as they endure big brother hazing on campus and at line ups at fraternity house. The pledges balance their time in class with English professor Hughes and their new fraternity life of parties, sorority girls and dating.  The pledge class learns the brotherhood mottos and bonds together because of or despite moral and physical hazing.  Dean Richardson, a Lambda Phi alumnus, holds himself out as an example of the fraternity system and extols its virtues.  He makes himself available to be told of pledge abuse but not far enough to break the fraternity code of silence and secrecy.  One night the hazing goes too far and a big brother advises the pledge class to drop off a seriously injured pledge at the emergency room but to avoid the cameras.  Despite the advice, the young neophyte fraternity brothers wait together at the hospital awaiting the fate of their friend, Frank. After seconds of waiting the doctor tells them that Frank died of a ruptured aorta artery. Zurich takes out his cell phone and calls his dad, realizing why his father never joined the fraternity, and the movie ends.
Adam Jones was the chef at a high-class Parisian restaurant owned by his mentor Jean-Luc, until his drug use and temperamental behavior destroyed his career and the restaurant. In the aftermath, Adam became a former "Chef" of himself. Adam went into self-imposed exile in New Orleans by shucking a million oysters to sober up, planning to head to London to restart his career and attempt to earn a third Michelin star.  In London, Adam searches for old colleagues, beginning with his mentor's former maître d'hôtel, Tony Balerdi, now a hotel manager of The Langham Hotel in London, under the ownership of the Balerdi family. Adam checks into one of The Langham's rooms then visits an old friend, Conti, and notes the talent of his sous-chef Helene, but she dislikes his arrogance and dismisses him immediately. A Paris colleague, Michel, whose restaurant Adam had sabotaged out of jealousy, tracks him down. After a brief fistfight, they talk and Michel forgives Adam then asks to work for him. Adam also visits a cutting-edge eatery run by Reece, with whom he has a long-standing rivalry, and the visit ends poorly. Adam's former drug dealer realizes he has returned to Europe and attempts to collect Adam's outstanding debt.  Adam convinces famed restaurant critic Simone to dine at Tony's hotel. Tony realizes that Adam set this up and is reluctant to let him cook, but his kitchen is in such poor condition it would result in Simone shutting his restaurant down. Seeing no other way, he allows Adam to cook. Simone's favorable review convinces Tony to renovate the hotel's kitchen and hire Adam as head chef permanently. He stipulates that Adam must submit to weekly drug tests with Tony's psychiatrist Dr. Rosshilde. Adam agrees to the tests, although he is uninterested in therapy and throws himself into preparations for the grand opening. Another old friend, Max, joins Adam's team after being released from prison. Helene rebuffs further job offers until Conti fires her and sends her to Adam's kitchen. Helene is irate about being fired, but Adam convinces her to work for him by tripling her salary.  Opening night is a disaster, and Adam furiously closes early, blaming Helene. He publicly humiliates her, escalating from verbal to physical aggression, and she quits. Tony convinces Helene to return with a doubled salary and some insight about Adam's behavior. Adam goes on a talk show that he previously turned down to drum up publicity for the restaurant. At his second opening, a restaurant critic gives a positive review, enraging Reece. Adam improves his attitude, but refuses Helene's request for time off for her daughter Lily's birthday. Later, he notices his kitchen acting in a strange manner. Helene reveals that her daughter is at the restaurant under Tony's supervision, since she did not want to spend her birthday at home. Adam is upset, but relents and bakes Lily a birthday cake, which impresses Helene.  With the restaurant's reputation established, Adam sets his sights on three Michelin stars, still avoiding his drug dealer, even after Tony offers to pay off his debt. Adam takes Helene to the reopening of Reece's restaurant. Adam and Reece are civil, but the night derails when Adam spots his ex-girlfriend Anne Marie, the daughter of Jean-Luc. Adam finds Anne Marie surprisingly forgiving after he abandoned her in Paris and missed her father's funeral. The encounter leaves Adam shaken and introspective about his failure in Paris. Early the next morning, Helene finds him at the fish market where they kiss in the alley behind The Langham on the way back to the restaurant. They are interrupted by the drug dealer's thugs, who take Adam away. He returns that night during dinner service beaten and bruised.  Kaitlin, the front of house host, advises Tony that two Michelin reviewers have arrived, and he cooks for them rather than going to the hospital. They send their meals back as it's too spicy, and Michel reveals he sabotaged the sauce with cayenne pepper as revenge for Adam's past cruelty before walking out. On the verge of a breakdown, Adam leaves the restaurant.  He wanders the city, eventually arriving at Reece's restaurant drunk. Once inside, he begins to break down emotionally. Reece soothes him, and they part on better terms the following morning. Adam attends a group therapy session, then returns to the hotel, where he learns that Anne Marie has paid off his debt. She gives him her father's knives and tells him that she approves of Helene. Tony and Helene find Adam in his hotel room, and Tony tells him that the two men they assumed were Michelin inspectors were actually just businessmen on a trip. Adam rejoices at getting a second chance and kisses Tony out of gratitude.  Adam admits his insecurities to Helene, and she comforts him by telling him that he needs to trust his crew. She tends to his wounds and they share a kiss, their relationship rekindled.  Adam returns to the kitchen to prepare for the Michelin inspectors' meals; when Tony asks him what they will do, Adam says that the whole kitchen will do it together as a team. As a result of increased teamwork in the kitchen and Adam's new attitude, the restaurant receives its third star.  The final scene is of Adam enjoying a family meal with the rest of the crew, which he had refused to do earlier, showing that they are his new family.
Nice guy and horror fanatic Max (Anton Yelchin) is dating the beautiful but manipulative Evelyn (Ashley Greene). Evelyn is an extreme environmentalist working for a blog company that promotes "going green", while Max works a dead-end job at the local horror memorabilia shop. Max often finds himself trapped trying to do whatever he can to keep Evelyn happy, including changing his diet and selling his old car. In addition to this, Max dreams of opening up a horror memorabilia shop of his own, much to Evelyn's dismay. One day at the shop, Max unloads the latest shipments and finds a Satan Genie, an object that claims it can grant anyone's wants or desires. Believing it to just be another silly item for the shop, Max places it on the shelf in the storage room and dismisses it.  Later that night, he and Evelyn have sex in the shop and make a promise to each other that they'll be together forever. Shortly thereafter, Max has Evelyn move in with him. Max and Evelyn initially decide to celebrate this new step in their relationship by grabbing a bite to eat. Wanting Evelyn to try something he enjoys for a change, Max suggests they go to a horror-themed ice cream shop run by Olivia (Alexandra Daddario). Evelyn is immediately unkind to Olivia, believing her and Max were flirting with each other. As Max pleads his case to her, Evelyn tearfully admits that she doesn't want to lose him and that he is the only thing in her life that has made her happy since her mother's death.  All seems to be great until Max comes back home to discover that Evelyn has redecorated their apartment to what she finds aesthetically pleasing and has put away all of Max's collectibles and posters, eradicating their resale value. This leads to an argument where Max states that he and Evelyn should be making decisions together instead of her taking the reins on every little thing. Feeling that Evelyn's overbearing nature will lead him to be unhappy for the duration of their relationship, Max plans to break up with her but is too scared to do so. Max turns to his slacker half-brother Travis (Oliver Cooper) for advice. Travis suggests that Max break up with Evelyn in a public place so he can make a quick getaway and have everyone present see her for the control freak she truly is. However, the plan backfires when Evelyn accidentally gets hit by a bus on her way to the park. She dies in the middle of the road while in the arms of a tearful Max.  A couple weeks go by and Max has shut himself off emotionally, feeling responsible for Evelyn's death. Travis swings by his place and, after seeing the funk he is in, encourages him to get back out and move on. Max eventually runs into Olivia again and starts to hit it off with her. As the night progresses, Max and Olivia learn that they both share the same fascination for horror. But when Max and Olivia visit the Hollywood Forever Cemetery, Evelyn is shown to have risen up from the dead and has dug herself out of the ground. After Olivia walks Max back home, he is quickly greeted by an undead Evelyn at the door. Evelyn is overjoyed and believes hers and Max's love is being given a second chance and thinks they're still dating. Frightened, Max realizes that the Satan Genie from the shop made their wish of being "together forever" come true and that it has brought Evelyn back from the dead. Still wanting to pursue Olivia, Max actively attempts to hide Evelyn from her. He is also left to ponder how exactly he is going to officially dump Evelyn. Max presumes that the answer to his problems lie with the Satan Genie, only to have it shatter on the ground when he loses his footing. For his backup plan, Max then researches the occult/spell books the shop has available in the hopes of finding something that will send Evelyn back to her grave. He tries these techniques, but to no avail; as they have no effect on Evelyn whatsoever.  Travis stumbles upon Max with a drunken Evelyn, and is reluctant to help him. He soon has a change of heart and tells Max that the only true way he can get rid of Evelyn is to decapitate her with a machete. Max tries to accomplish this but backs out at the last minute. The day before Halloween, Olivia drops by the shop to visit Max. It's later interrupted by a phone call from Evelyn. Olivia, who still doesn't know that Evelyn's a zombie, thinks Max hasn't gotten over her yet, but offers him an invitation to a screening of Night of the Living Dead at the cemetery. Travis steps up to the plate and offers to kill Evelyn so Max can meet Olivia at the movie. Travis shows up at the apartment under the guise of searching for an old DVD Max never returned and intentionally prolongs his stay, annoying Evelyn. She then develops a sudden craving for brains and ends up eating Travis. Meanwhile, Max and Olivia are enjoying each other's company and end up having sex in the back of Olivia's car.  Upon Max's return, he discovers Travis's corpse in the living room. Knowing that Evelyn is now determined to kill anyone who gets in her way, Max tricks her into drawing a hot bubble bath for themselves in order to barricade the bathroom door and trap her inside. He rushes out of the apartment to get the police but leaves his cell phone behind by mistake. Evelyn wastes no time breaking free and escapes. She then kidnaps Olivia after reading the texts between her and Max. Having had no luck with the police, Max hears through one of the police scanners about someone knocking over a malt shop and realizes Olivia's in trouble. Back at the apartment, Max sees Olivia tied up and Evelyn threatens to kill her. A battle ensues between Max, Evelyn, and Olivia, ending with Travis (now revealed to be a zombie himself) fatally stabbing Evelyn through the chest with the machete. With Evelyn finally gone, Max and Olivia take her body back to the cemetery and bury her.  One year later, Max and Olivia's relationship is still going strong. Max has long since quit his job, became business partners with Olivia, having joined his horror memorabilia store and her ice cream shop as an enterprise of their own and is now truly happy. Max then surprises Olivia with an engagement ring, which she gladly accepts. And Travis, still in his zombie form, is shown sign-spinning outside the shop.
Lucy, a second year graduate student in civil engineering, and her boyfriend Jose are exiting a subway in Bushwick (in Brooklyn) where they see a man on fire running down into the station. Jose runs out to see what is going on, but is immediately killed by an explosion. Lucy runs out to try to find help but gets chased by two men. They find her in a house, but the men are killed by Stupe, the owner of the house. Stupe, a combat veteran, leaves his home to try to reach his family in Hoboken. Lucy joins him as she tries to get to her grandmother's house. Along the way, Stupe gets injured and trains Lucy in giving first aid and shooting a gun.  When they reach Lucy's grandmother's home, they find her already dead because of heart failure. As mercenaries infiltrate the home, the two escape and retreat to Belinda's, Lucy's sister. Drugged up, Belinda does not realize what is going on until a mercenary breaks into the home. Stupe subdues the soldier and asks him at gunpoint to explain what is going on. The mercenary reveals that Texas is seceding from the United States and has partnered with other Southern states (Louisiana, Florida, North Carolina, South Carolina, West Virginia and Georgia with parts of Maryland and Pennsylvania also) to form the New American Coalition, with militias to infiltrate US areas, including Bushwick, for insurgency. However, they did not expect the armed resistance from the neighborhood. Stupe convinces the mercenary to reveal the DMZ, where the US Army is extracting non-combatants: Grover Cleveland Park. Stupe knocks out the mercenary and the trio begin to make their way to the park.  Along the way, they encounter James and his mother in their building. James' mother blackmails Stupe and Lucy into going to the local church where evacuees are hiding and convincing the parish priest to meet up at a local laundromat to arm everyone to fight back as they head to the DMZ. James and his mother keep Belinda hostage to ensure Stupe and Lucy comply. Stupe and Lucy make it to the church, but when they find the priest, he shoots himself. Lucy then tells everyone to meet up at the laundromat to get guns to fight back with.  As Stupe and Lucy wait for James to arrive with Belinda, they briefly talk about their lives before the war. Stupe reveals that his family had actually died during the September 11 attacks, and he had told Lucy he was going to Hoboken just to try to get rid of her but is glad she stayed with him. As Stupe heads off to the washroom, he is mistakenly shot and killed by a scared teenage girl hiding inside. James arrives with Belinda and they head out for the attack.  They reach the DMZ, but it is heavily guarded by the mercenaries. As the resistance fights back, Lucy and Belinda stick together and run towards the helicopters. Belinda gets shot in the leg and Lucy runs over to her. As Lucy tries to drag Belinda, Lucy is shot in the head and killed. Belinda cries in horror as members of the resistance carry her away. The final shot of smoke shows that the rest of New York City has been under attack as well.
An eccentric mountain man is on the run from the authorities, surviving the winter by breaking into empty vacation homes in a remote community. Regularly calling into radio talk shows — where he has acquired the nickname "Buster" — to rant about the impending inversion at the turn of the millennium, he is haunted by visions of being lost at sea, and memories of his former life as a family man.  Buster was once Jonah, a husband and father whose job as the night-shift concierge at a hotel took its toll on his psyche and, consequently, his marriage to Marty — until a chance encounter with conspiracy-obsessed drifter Brown changed the course of their lives forever. As the solitary present-day Buster drifts from house to house, eluding the local sheriff and law enforcement, the film portrays the events that fractured his life and left him alone on top of a snowy mountain, or in a small rowboat in the middle of an ocean, or both.
Leo Morello (Attila), a mild-mannered musician and family man, has his life turned upside down when his former business associate Zeus (Eric Martinez) pulls him back into a life he tried so desperately to forget; an ultimatum leaves him facing former adversaries Johnny Burns (Lister) and the Tsar (Jardine).
In Johnson County, Iowa, Destiny is a 10-year-old African American foster child being raised by a white couple, Ethan and Jill Emmet. While visiting the Iowa State Fair by herself, she wanders into the exhibit of the winning butter sculpture, a life-sized Last Supper, and skillfully finishes the Holy Grail cup, which impresses the sculpture's creator, Bob Pickler.  Bob has won the fair's butter-sculpture contest for the past 15 years straight; because of his dominance, he is asked to abstain from future competitions to give others a chance. Bob's overly-competitive, socially-ambitious wife Laura goes to the home of the competition's organizer to protest. He goes to a strip club and stripper Brooke talks him into having sex in his minivan. Laura discovers them, T-bonesing the van with her SUV.  Laura decides to enter the county's preliminary sculpture competition herself because of the social status that comes with winning. Destiny decides to enter as well, as does Brooke, who just wants to harass the Picklers because Bob owes her $600. Despite practice, Laura comes in second to Destiny.  When Brooke appears at the Picklers' seeking her money, Bob's daughter Kaitlin admits her, letting her in her window. After they talk a bit, Kaitlin challenges Brooke to a game of truth-or-dare which escalates to them having sex. She is drawn to Brooke's alternative style and attitude. Brooke wants the money (she ups the amount to $1200), which she says she can get.  Meanwhile, Kaitlin's stepmother, Laura hooks up with Boyd Bolton, an old high-school boyfriend who is now an owner of a used-car dealership, also is a skilled butter sculptor. She seduces him to get him to falsely testify to county officials that Ethan paid him to help Destiny in the competition. Laura suggests a rematch at the state fair. Destiny agrees; everyone else is disgruntled.  Brooke gets her money from an infatuated Kaitlin, meets Destiny after school, and takes her to the mall to buy her a $1200 set of chef's knives to help her in the rematch with Laura. When Destiny gets home, a social worker informs her that her biological mother has died and gives her a picture of her mom holding her as a baby.  At the state fair, Laura carves a replica of John F. Kennedy's car immediately after his assassination, complete with his blown-up skull and Jackie Kennedy and Clint Hill crawling onto the trunk; Destiny creates her biological mother holding her infant self in a rocking chair. That night before the judging, Boyd sneaks into the butter-sculpture room and defaces Destiny's sculpture with a blowtorch.  Destiny, disappointed and expecting to lose now, encounters Laura in the restroom and offers the forgiveness of her handshake. Laura tells her that winning the butter-sculpting contest means more to her than the little girl can comprehend. Laura feels she has little opportunity to distinguish herself otherwise, while Destiny has talent and her entire life to realize her own potential.  Despite the damage, Destiny's sculpture wins. The sabotage of the piece is recognized as "higher art" as the judges believe the melted face lends the butter sculpture a greater depth. She goes on to win in the state competition, where judges give a positive critique on her piece, deeming it an "angst-ridden exploration of post-natal abandonment."  Upon her victory, Destiny comforts Laura by telling her, "This isn't all you have." Laura hugs her, understanding that she must move on to greater triumphs that are her own.  Later, Destiny is officially adopted by the Emmets and Laura runs for Governor, claiming that God appeared to her and advised her to run.
In May 2015, struggling wedding videographer and film school dropout Gavin York takes an interest in a box of tapes that are found in the basement of his in-laws' newly-purchased homes. Despite the fact that the box is labelled "Don't Watch," Gavin becomes intrigued and decides to make a chronological edit of the tapes.  He discovers that they comprise a documentary from March 2004 by film students Sophia and Feldman, who are trying to prove the existence of a local urban legend, Peeping Tom. The legend states that a person can summon Peeping Tom by staring down the Ilchester Tunnel at midnight, for one hour straight, without blinking. Once Peeping Tom is summoned, he will get closer to the victim each time they blink until he kills them. Unable to complete the task, the students decide to set up a camera and film the tunnel, reasoning that the camera acts as a human eye. They review the footage to discover that Peeping Tom indeed appeared on camera in the distance. However, Peeping Tom appears on ensuing footage, and they realize that his presence is inside the camera and stalking them. Feldman becomes unstable as he realizes that Peeping Tom is looking for a way to escape the camera in order to kill him. The students grow resentful of each other and trade blame for the danger. Eventually, Feldman is murdered by Peeping Tom, forcing Sophia to continue alone.  Aspiring to finally break out into a legitimate filmmaking career, Gavin hires a documentary film crew to chronicle his discovery of the tapes and the research to prove Peeping Tom's existence. However, investigation cannot produce any evidence that Sophia or Feldman ever existed. Gavin's obsession with Peeping Tom begins to degrade his mental state and strains his relationship with his wife and son as he exhausts their finances to fund the project.  While going through the footage, Gavin's team, headed by filmmaker Erik Kristopher Myers, grows skeptical of Gavin's claims and many begin to suspect that Gavin made the footage himself. The team also discovers that the original filmmakers had previously won an award for a documentary where they used an actor to portray a real person, which continues to cast doubt on the "discovered" film.  Unable to incite interest from news stations or local interest groups, Gavin posts the footage online and arranges an interview with a radio host to promote it. Instead of garnering interest, Gavin is mocked by the station's callers, culminating in humiliation when The Blair Witch Project co-director Eduardo Sánchez calls in to dismiss it as an obvious derivative film. Afterwards, Gavin discovers a note from his wife stating that she is leaving him after he used all the money for his son's education to fund the film.  The team find Gavin outside the Ilchester Tunnel in an attempt to recreate the experiment using a camera. Before the team can decide on a course of action, Gavin runs down the tunnel with the camera and vanishes. Nine days later, Erik receives a package from him containing a DVCam film, a package for Sophia Crane (with an address that cannot be verified), and Gavin's notebook with a hotel keycard inside. The crew arrived at the hotel room to find Gavin's mangled corpse in the bathtub. They debate showing the police their footage, but opt not to, and Erik decides to continue the project.  Sophia's footage shows her attempting to not blink. She claims she had a dream where she was easily able to stare down the tunnel for the whole hour, but realizes that she was not dreaming and had in fact actually summoned Peeping Tom. In the final scene, Sophia claims Peeping Tom is right in front of her, but that she’s found a way to defeat him, before cutting off her eyelids with a glass shard. During the credits, Sophia, still alive, is in an insane asylum, seemingly stroking the face of Peeping Tom.
One Christmastime in Belford Falls, an Angel (Dick Van Dyke) drops a letter at the home of Annabelle Hill (Abigail Spencer) and her husband Mr. Hill (Paul Greene), telling them that a child named Emily is waiting to be adopted by them at the children's hospital.  The day before, a little orphan girl, Emily (Noelle E. Parker), was left in the care of Mother Genevieve (Roma Downey). Emily wakes to find Rose (Angela Lansbury) at her bedside. Rose pours Emily a cup of hot chocolate and tells her a story about a girl named Annabelle Kingsley, who lived in Millbury, in the time of robber-barons. Annabelle contracted scarlet fever as a baby. In answer to her father’s (Ioan Gruffudd) prayer, an angel (Dick Van Dyke) arrives at the Kingsley home, and promises to always be with Annabelle. The next morning, Annabelle’s fever miraculously breaks. Throughout her childhood, Annabelle is helped and cheered by her guardian angel, who appears whenever she is down and in need of encouragement. Before her father leaves on a fishing trip which will take him away from home for over a year, he gives Annabelle a music box which he says is magical, and that whenever she plays it, he will hear it on his ship and know she is thinking of him. During the 4th of July celebrations, Annabelle, missing her father, is determined to be unhappy, but her angel appears and cheers her up with a song.  Soon after, a letter arrives for her mother Sarah (Julia Burrows), informing her that William was caught in a severe storm, and that remnants of his ship were washed up on shore, with no survivors found. Annabelle is depressed by the loss of her father, barely speaking and refusing to eat. Sarah confides to the doctor that without William’s support, they cannot afford to keep the house. She writes to her step-sister Catherine Wentworth (Katie McGrath) for help. Caring only for their reputations, all they offer is a position for Sarah at Mr. Wentworth's (Robert Picardo) textile mill. Before leaving Millbury, Annabelle, disillusioned by the idea of hope, hides the music box her father gave her, and vows to forget angels forever. She and her mother move into a grimy rooming-house, which they share with a woman sick from mill fever and her two children. After a year working the mill, Sarah’s health begins to fail. Before she dies, Sarah tells Annabelle that everyone has a guardian angel that is with them through their entire lives, and that she must believe in them and know that she will never be alone.  After her mother's death, Annabelle briefly lives with her aunt before being sent to live at a boarding house and work at the mill with the other orphans. She is assigned to sew buttons onto garments, a job she does for no pay, as she lacks the skills to run the machines. The other girls taunt her, calling her Buttons. One girl takes the glass dog her mother gave her, but another brings it back to her. Annabelle runs away from the mill and lives on the street. On a cold Christmas eve, she meets her angel, whom she offers the last of her bread. Because she has stopped believing in angels, she doesn’t recognize him. On her way to the church to get warm, she falls through thin ice atop the frozen river and nearly drowns, but her angel pulls her out and leaves her on her steps of the church. Elizabeth Browning (Devlin Stark) hears the angel knock and goes into the snow to bring Annabelle inside. Having lost their youngest daughter to scarlet fever several months before, Mr. and Mrs. Browning (Jane Seymour and Charles Shaughnessy) adopt Annabelle and the other girls at the mill.  As Rose finishes the story, Emily expresses her wish for a family by Christmas. The next morning, Annabelle and her husband arrive at the hospital with the letter from Rose telling them that there is a child there for them to adopt, but the doctor tells them that no one with that name works there. They are about to leave when Annabelle sees her angel reading the paper. She asks the doctor if there is a child named Emily there. Annabelle reads Emily the letter, and asks her if she is waiting for them. Emily embraces her new family as Rose and the Angel look on.
The film follows angry mortgage temp Marty as he cooks up small scams against the hated corporate world he's stuck in. Frustrated by the boring nature of his work and the low pay, Marty uses his low level crime as an outlet to rebel. He goes to a bank and opens checking accounts to get free deposits, takes items from his job to a local office supplies store for fraudulent refunds and intentionally injures his hand for workers’ compensation. One day on the job at First National Bank, Marty swipes a stack of refund checks from the company, then forges the payees' signatures to sign several of the checks over to himself. Later Marty's boss, Carol, tells him that the company receives images of the checks when they are cashed and can see who is cashing them. Fearing his scheme will be discovered, Marty goes into hiding at his co-worker Derek's basement.  While in hiding, Marty wastes his days playing video games, goofing off with Derek and sucking down Mountain Dew and frozen pizzas. He also starts crafting a weapon made out of steak knives and a Nintendo Power Glove inspired by Freddy Krueger's bladed glove from the Nightmare on Elm Street movies. Derek tells Carol that Marty is sick and can't come into work, but bungles the lie and Marty soon begins to think Carol is close to discovering what happened to the checks. Marty starts to run low on cash, and on a trip to the convenience store at Derek's behest the cashier cheats him out of five dollars, with security cameras capturing Marty trashing a store display in response.  Fearing someone will discover him based on the tape, Marty hops a bus to Detroit, bringing along his modified Nintendo Power Glove. He uses up most of his remaining money when he stays at a hotel and orders room service. In the bathroom, Marty tends to his hand and discovers that the cut has become badly infected. Needing somewhere else to stay, Marty goes to a cheap motel for a night and illegally copies his room key. After checking out he breaks into the hotel to sleep, only to be discovered in the morning by a maid. The hotel manager confronts him and tries to call the police, but Marty threatens him with the glove and runs off. Marty tries to cash his remaining stolen checks at an ATM, but discovers that his account has been shut down. He then goes to a payday loan provider to attempt to cash the checks, but the owner finds the transaction suspicious and accuses Marty of fraud. The owner, having caught Marty on security camera and identified him using his drivers license, calls the police and tries to keep Marty in a back room. Marty slashes the owner in the face and neck with the glove to once again escape, and leaves the owner lying on the floor bleeding profusely.  Marty speaks on the phone with Derek and discovers that Carol has been fired. Believing this means the company won't discover his check scheme, Marty starts ecstatically racing down the street. Eventually Marty comes to an electronics store window full of TV screens, in which he sees himself caught on camera. On the center TV, he sees an image of himself walking away, and proceeds to do so.
Nick Tortano is an associate of local mafia boss Sal Vitaglia.  Nick wants to become a made man but has yet to be trusted enough for his first contract killing.  As the Boston crime families wither, however, Sal is forced to consolidate his power and advance more men. Recognizing Nick as a potentially useful soldier, Sal advises him to show more loyalty and respect to the family. Sal forces him to deliver an apology in order to smooth over relations with another Mobster, Tony Matazano, whom he has insulted. Nick reluctantly delivers the apology, though his friend George, a local Irish thug unaffiliated with the mafia, ridicules him for having to show respect to what he views as a contemptible person. Although Tony accepts Nick's apology, tensions remain high between them.  When Nick also delivers an apology to Tony's estranged daughter, Ali, whom his cousin had insulted, Nick and Ali become interested in each other, though she at first rejects his overtures. Ali does not like her father, and she is concerned by Nick's relationship with the Boston crime families. Nick and George rob a local drug dealer that George had befriended, and Nick attempts to give some of the money to his brother, Vito. However, their father, Vincent, refuses to accept it and calls it blood money. Meanwhile, Nick's attempts to romance Ali pay off, and the two begin dating, though she teases him about his stereotypically macho attitude. Sal finally gives Nick a contract, but he is unable to perform the murder. Seeing his hesitation, George performs it for him.  Now a made man, Nick realizes that he no longer has to show as much respect around town. After first shaking down a local business owner to whom he owes money, he revisits Tony and demands a cut of his rumored Eastern European prostitution ring.  Although resentful, Tony obliges.  Now needing to collect on his outstanding debtors, Tony becomes frustrated with his incompetent underlings, who allowed an anonymous gambler to accrue a $25,000 debt without knowing his personal details.  Tony personally takes charge of the collection and threatens to kill the man over the phone. George later calls Nick and directs him to a warehouse, where he reveals himself as the anonymous gambler. Nick is horrified to find that George has kidnapped and beaten Tony, and Nick attempts to talk George out of Tony's murder. After first threatening to kill George, Nick instead kills Tony.  Joe, Tony's second in command, instantly becomes suspicious of George and Nick when Tony disappears. With Sal's blessing, he interrogates Nick's family, and Joe kills Vincent in an altercation. Enraged by his father's murder, Nick attempts to see Sal, though he is stopped by Jerry, who explains that Sal will not see him. Jerry asks whether Nick killed Tony, and when he is met with silence, Jerry advises Nick to leave town immediately. Instead, Nick goes to see Ali and apologizes to her for killing her father. On orders from Sal, Jerry murders Ali, but Nick kills him before he can also be targeted.  George insists that they kill the entire crime family together, but Nick rebukes him, and the two go their separate ways. Having lost his father, girlfriend, and best friend, Nick resolves to kill Sal.  Sal is unsurprised to see Nick, and they talk as Nick holds a gun to him. Although Nick blames Sal for the events that have destroyed his life, Sal says that Nick has thrown away a promising career in the Mafia over his connections to friends and family that should not mean anything to him since they are outside the Mafia. Sal shoots and kills Nick with a hidden pistol. As Sal waits for a clean-up crew to dispose of Nick's body, Vito arrives and murders Sal. The film ends as Vito runs off.
In 1960s France, an American couple, Vanessa and Roland, arrive at a coastal resort for a vacation. They have rented an elegant suite at a local hotel, where Roland, a successful author who is suffering from writers’ block, hopes to find the inspiration to write a new book.   The two are barely on speaking terms; Vanessa, a former dancer, is withdrawn and grieving for an unknown reason, whereas Roland spends his days drinking in a local bar, where he strikes up a friendship with the manager, Michel.  One day Vanessa notices that a disused radiator pipe has left a hole in the wall adjoining the next apartment. Through this, she spies on a newlywed couple, Lea and Francois, who have just moved in.  Vanessa becomes friendly with Lea, and she and Roland socialise with the couple, going sailing with them. But on a night out, they deliberately get Lea and Francois drunk, so that together they can watch their behaviour through the spy hole.   Gradually their voyeurism leads to Vanessa and Roland rekindling their sexual relationship. However Vanessa goes further, and attempts a sexual liaison with Francois in his hotel room. Roland witnesses this through the hole in the wall, bursts in on them and attacks Francois.   Back in their own room, the pair have a showdown, which exposes the root of their problem; after several miscarriages, Vanessa has been forced to accept that she can never have children.  Lea and Francois leave the hotel after Francois confesses his infidelity to his wife. Roland goes after them and explains the reasons for Vanessa’s behaviour. The couple decide to try to save their marriage, not least because Lea is pregnant.   Having finally come to terms with the reality of their life together, Vanessa seems to achieve a measure of peace and Roland is able to finish writing his book, which he tells Vanessa is all about her.   As Vanessa and Roland leave the hotel and drive away, their future together appears more optimistic.
David, a recent Yale graduate, decides to "go off the grid" to work at an apple farm in Oregon, hoping to gain some life experience outside of his privileged upbringing. In his new surroundings, he adopts the alias Samuel. Out of his element and failing to fit in amongst the town's migrant workers and deeply religious locals, David begins a journey that will take him deep into unfamiliar, awkward, and sometimes humorous territory as he encounters would-be benefactors and friends alike.
In 1970s New York City, Hilly Kristal is divorced and has filed bankruptcy for the second time. Despite setbacks, he is determined to own and manage a bar. With his business partner Merv Ferguson, Kristal convinces his mother to lend them the money needed to establish the dive bar CBGB, which Kristal intends to make into a country music venue.  The business gets off to a rocky start as there are few customers and Kristal has difficulty finding country acts. However, a rock band called Television arrives at the bar and auditions. Seeing potential, Kristal books them. CBGB soon becomes a rock venue that caters to the burgeoning punk movement. New acts such as Blondie, Patti Smith, Talking Heads, and The Ramones begin to get noticed by playing at the club. The fledgling fanzine Punk also gets its start by reporting on the bands and debating the movement's ideology (or lack thereof). Despite CBGB's newfound success, Kristal poorly manages the club's funds (he keeps the money in his apartment freezer) and fails to regularly pay bills or rent. Kristal's daughter Lisa tries to take over the chaotic finances in an attempt to save the business.  After The Ramones are signed to Sire Records, Kristal decides to manage CBGB regulars The Dead Boys. Lisa warns Kristal that he can't financially afford to take on a band. Kristal ignores her, as well as others who caution him about The Dead Boys' destructive and anti-social behavior. While on tour, the band crashes and totals their truck and equipment, leaving Kristal and CBGB broke. This leads to Ferguson threatening to leave the business for good, which Kristal doesn't believe. Soon afterwards, The Dead Boys gets into a fight with a group of thugs and their drummer, Johnny Blitz, is stabbed seventeen times and barely survives.  Despondent and penniless, Kristal announces to his employees that CBGB will be closing. Ferguson and Lisa reveal that they have made many calls to grateful friends whom Kristal helped in the past. They've scraped together enough money to stay open long enough to stabilize the situation. The film ends with The Police auditioning for Kristal.  The epilogue reveals that CBGB remained open until 2006. Kristal remains an important figure in the history of punk and rock and roll. Lisa went on to become a lawyer. Ferguson always wore a yellow construction helmet and no one ever knew why. Kristal continued to manage The Dead Boys until they broke up in 1979. The epilogue closes by stating Kristal's dog, Jonathan, had legendary bowels since he was known for defecating wherever he pleased inside the club.  Over the final credits, the real-life Talking Heads' acceptance speech during the 2002 Rock and Roll Hall of Fame Induction Ceremony is played, during which they invite Kristal to the stage and thank him for his support.
In the city of Miami, Agent Castillo of the FBI, takes down a crew of bank robbers. At the same time, former motocross racer Jon Baker enrolls in the California Highway Patrol Academy. Despite his low aptitude score across every field, Sgt. Gail Hernandez sympathizes with Jon, noting that he can ride a motorcycle better than the majority of cadets she has trained and grants him a probationary graduation.  On a California highway, a crew of bike riders attacks an armored van. One member, "LT", accuses the guard and his CHP closet boyfriend TJ of stealing from him. As punishment, LT informs TJ over the police frequency that he must choose who lives; he or his boyfriend. TJ ultimately kills himself.  In Miami, Castillo is informed that the CHP have requested the FBI's help in the armored van heist, believing that a corrupt police ring is involved. Given the alias Francis Llewellyn "Ponch" Poncherello, Ponch is partnered up with Baker, before ostensibly paying their respects to TJ's widow at home. Baker notes that there is not a single commendation, picture or other effects a helicopter pilot would have in the house and precisely identifies the bikes used in the heist as the Ducati Hypermotard 939. The bike gang makes another attempt on an armored van. The crew evade Ponch and Baker on the faster Ducatis after a lengthy chase through Elysian Park. LT, wary of Ponch's extensive investigations into the heists finds out from his FBI contacts that he is undercover, whereas Ponch also obtains a potential lead on an apartment TJ tenanted at and concludes that TJ had to have been corrupt as it would not have been affordable on his salary. Sensing that something is still amiss, Ponch and Baker re-visit TJ's home. Though getting involved in a fight with Parish, Ponch recognizes that he is not in on the corrupt circle, after he suggests that "LT" in reality could stand for Lieutenant. They later arrive on the profile of Lieutenant Raymond Kurtz and whilst suspect him have no evidence to pin him to the heists.  The FBI pick up on a promising lead to a drug house in Venice, prompting Ponch and Baker to respond. During a lengthy pursuit with one of the crew members, Officer Brian Grieves secretly informs LT that the suspect involved is his son. While crossing a bridge, the suspect is decapitated by a recovery vehicle's extended industrial wire. LT arrives and crashes into Baker who was in pursuit. Parish arrives in his police helicopter and airlifts an unconscious Baker to hospital.  Petersen fires Ponch for disobeying his orders to stay well away from the FBI's lead. Baker also discovers that his ex-wife Karen who Baker had been living with has sold her house while he was in hospital without telling him. At Ponch's house, Baker identifies the decapitated biker as Raymond Reed Kurtz Jr, connecting him to CHP Lieutenant Ray Kurtz's son and confirming their earlier suspicions. Ray kidnaps Karen and holds her hostage at his safe house but both Ponch and Baker rescue Karen as Officer Ava Perez arrives with back up but are attacked by Ray's associates.  Ray shoots off three of Ponch's fingers, leaving him unable to return fire and instead relies on Baker's poor aim to retaliate. Altering his aim to compensate, Baker accidentally detonates an explosive device that incapacitates Ray and his remaining guards, who Perez and the other Officers arrest. Ray comes to, but is reinforced by Officer Lindsey Taylor and then holds Baker at gunpoint. Ponch intervenes moments before Ray fires a shot into Baker's arm which ricochets off of a titanium implant and strikes Ray in the head, killing him instantly.  Baker is loaded onto an ambulance to be treated for his injuries. Karen offers to join him in hospital, however Baker finally realizes how little she cares for him and declines her offer. Ponch is given morphine by a paramedic. A final scene shows Castillo receiving a call from Peterson, who offers him his job back at the FBI. Castillo however refuses, preferring to stay in the CHP.
A forest-dwelling hermit named Henry discovers his dog has died from a mysterious illness and is sprayed by its infected blood.  Five young friends, Paul, Karen, Bert, Jeff and Marcy have rented a cabin in the same woods for a week-long vacation. The group stops for supplies at Priddy's General Store. Dennis, the intellectually-disabled son of the store manager, unexpectedly bites Paul's hand.  Bert ventures into the woods with a BB rifle to shoot squirrels. Bert encounters and accidentally shoots Henry, mistaken for a squirrel. He panics when he realizes Henry is infected with a disease and flees. He says nothing about the incident to his friends.  Later that evening, while the group hang out around a campfire, a stranger who calls himself Grim and his Belgian Malinois dog, Dr. Mambo, gatecrash their evening.  Later that night, Henry comes to the cabin in search of help. Bert slams the door in his face and the desperate man tries to steal the group's vehicle. A conflict ensues between Henry and the five friends, during which they accidentally cripple their car and set fire to him. He runs off into the woods, presumably to his death.  The next day, Jeff and Bert head out in search of help. They encounter a farmer who offers to help them, but hastily leave when they discover that Henry is her cousin. Meanwhile, Deputy Winston arrives at the cabin to investigate reports of the previous night's commotion. Paul explains things without mentioning Henry's presumed death. Winston promises to send a tow truck before departing.  Dr. Mambo returns to the cabin without Grim and seemingly infected. He threatens Paul and Bert, before Marcy scares him off with the rifle.  While Paul and Karen make out, they discover that Karen is infected with the flesh-eating virus and her leg has started to decay. Fearful of contagion, the others lock her in the shed. Paul leaves on foot to find help, but the only people he encounters chase him away, mistaking him for a peeping Tom.  The following morning, the group's attempt to evacuate is botched when Karen vomits blood all over the interior of the car. Bert drives back to the general store alone and Jeff abandons everybody and flees to a remote shack. Marcy and Paul lament their poor chances of surviving and have sex, believing they won't live long enough to regret it. They later discover marks on Marcy's back that reveals she, too, is sick.  At the general store, Dennis bites Bert's hand just as he did with Paul. His father, Tommy, lashes out at Bert for exposing his son to the virus, and he and his friends chase Bert down in order to contain the disease. While once again searching for help, Paul encounters the severely-burnt Henry in the lake. Surprisingly, he is still alive and he attacks Paul, only for Paul to fend him off and finally kill him.  Marcy draws a bath and shaves her legs, causing the infected flesh to gruesomely peel from her body. She stumbles outside in distress and is mauled to death by Dr. Mambo.  Paul returns to the boat shed where Karen begs him to kill her. His gun is empty and since he's unable to finish the job of splitting her face with a shovel, Paul sets the shed on fire and watches in horror as Karen is completely burned alive. Bert makes it back to the cabin, but he is followed and shot dead by Tommy. Paul recovers Bert's rifle and guns down Tommy and his two accomplices. Paul escapes in Tommy's truck, but crashes it into a tree and explodes. Covered in blood, Paul stumbles upon a small campfire party attended by Deputy Winston. Winston receives a radio call from the sheriff ordering her to shoot Paul on sight. However, Paul convinces Winston to let him go instead.  The next morning, Jeff returns to the cabin. He finds the corpses of his friends and Tommy's accomplices, and rejoices in having survived the ordeal himself, until he sees signs of the infection on his hand. He is then shot and killed by Deputy Winston with a sniper rifle. Paul succumbs to infection and drops dead in the woods where Dennis discovers his corpse. Back at the cabin, as the authorities and a hazmat crew clean up the scene, it's revealed that Jeff's corpse landed near the lake, which is now infected with his blood.
A good-hearted musician struggles to find a way to tell his beautiful barista coworker that he loves her, despite the fact that she is in a relationship with an abusive boyfriend.   Meanwhile, regulars and customers at the café where they work have their own problems and encounters. A police officer keeps his eye on his wayward cousin, who owes money to a charismatic dealer, and a married man contemplates his relationship with a good-looking new acquaintance.   However, one customer learns he is in fact the main character in the microcosm of the café, all designed by a young girl, who is actually God.
Bobby Dorfman is the youngest son of a Jewish family in New York City in the 1930s.  His elder sister Evelyn is a married school teacher, while his elder brother Ben is a gangster. Discontented with working for his father, a jeweler, Bobby decides to move to Hollywood, where he takes a job running menial errands for his uncle Phil, a powerhouse talent agent.  Phil introduces Bobby to his secretary Veronica, nicknamed Vonnie, who is tasked with helping Bobby settle into Hollywood. Bobby is drawn to her unpretentiousness as opposed to most young women living in Hollywood, and falls deeply in love with her. She rebuffs his advances, telling him she has a journalist boyfriend named Doug. In reality, "Doug" is Phil, with whom Vonnie is carrying on an illicit romance; he promises to divorce his wife and marry her.  On the first-year "paper anniversary" of their affair, Vonnie gives Phil a letter written and signed by Rudolph Valentino as a gift. However, Phil proceeds to tell her that he is incapable of divorcing his wife, so he ends the affair. Vonnie subsequently surrenders to Bobby's love for her and their friendship turns into a romance.  A forlorn Phil confides in Bobby about his affair—without naming his mistress—before telling him he has determined to divorce his wife. Bobby passingly mentions his relationship with Vonnie and his intention to marry her and return to New York. Phil begins petitioning Vonnie privately to leave Bobby and marry him instead.  While having a conversation with Phil in his office, Bobby notices the Valentino letter. Recognizing it from Vonnie's account about her breakup with "Doug", he confronts her and asks her to choose between himself and Phil. Vonnie chooses Phil.  A heartbroken Bobby returns to New York City where he begins to run a high-end nightclub with his gangster brother, Ben. It soon becomes a famous hangout for the rich and powerful, from politicians to gangsters. Bobby meets divorcée Veronica Hayes at the nightclub, and they begin dating, soon getting married and starting a family together.  On an extended visit to New York, a happily married Phil and Vonnie stop at the nightclub and insist on seeing Bobby. Vonnie has become a pretentious name-dropper and Bobby is at first repulsed by her. However, he agrees to show her around New York—as she had once done for him in Hollywood. They spend an evening without Phil, visiting Bobby's favorite haunts and, as dawn breaks over Central Park, share a kiss; but it's clear that it can go no further.  Bobby's sister Evelyn asks their brother, Ben, to "talk to" her disagreeable neighbor; Ben promptly kills him. He is arrested and convicted for murder and racketeering. Shortly before he goes to the electric chair, he converts to Christianity, mortifying his parents. His late brother's notoriety propels the nightclub to new heights, and Bobby travels to Los Angeles to contemplate opening a Hollywood version. He ultimately decides against it, but, before he leaves, he and Vonnie have lunch together, where she mentions that she and Phil will be returning to New York for a short visit. However, they both decide that it is better if they don't see each other.  Months later, on New Year's Eve, Bobby and Vonnie are apart—Bobby in New York City hosting festivities in his nightclub, and Vonnie with her husband at a Hollywood house party. As the new year is rung in, they both seem distant to their spouses, and both have a faraway look in their eyes.
A woman (Loretta Devine) and a former Special Forces soldier (Alan Powell) try to stop a man (Kevin Sorbo) from trafficking his two young daughters in Europe.
A year after surviving a car accident that killed her son, former attorney Claire Bennett struggles with chronic pain, making her angry. Silvana, her housekeeper, caretaker and chauffeur, looks after all of her needs.   Claire abuses pain medication to deal with her son's death and the suicide of Nina, a member of her chronic pain support group. With her marriage and life falling apart, she ends up buying drugs on the street to support her addiction. She also dreams vividly and hallucinates about Nina.  In physical therapy, Claire is uncooperative and risks her medication being cut off, as her condition has not improved. After her session, Claire jumps into the pool with body weights, seemingly to kill herself. She stays on the bottom for a long time before rising to the surface.   At the threat of a lawsuit, the support group leader, Annette, gives Claire Nina's home address. Claire goes to the house, and Nina's husband Roy, having been tipped off by Annette, confronts her as she is leaving. Bonding over their loss and isolation, Claire and Roy go to Nina's grave. A few nights later Claire surprises him at home but takes Nina's leftover Percocet. Claire's dreams of Nina continue.  The man responsible for Claire's car accident, Leonard,  shows up at her house to apologize. She physically attacks him. Afterwards, she inadvertently overdoses on the pain medication. Taken to the hospital, she dreams of Nina presenting her with a birthday cake with six lit candles, explaining that she feels guilty about not being able to make a homemade birthday cake for her son.  Claire is discharged from the hospital and struggles to remain drug free.  She asks Silvana to drive her to the drive-in where she had her first date with Jason. Wandering away, she lies down on the nearby railroad tracks and hallucinates a conversation with Nina, who gets Claire to admit she was a good mother. Claire hears Silvana calling her and when she gets up, Nina vanishes. Silvana loudly criticizes Claire for abusing everyone and pushing away Jason, who is also suffering the loss of their son. She is interrupted when Claire notices the car has been stolen, forcing them to stay in a motel.  The next day Becky, a girl on her way to Los Angeles, tries to steal Claire's purse. Claire brings her home to make her a homemade cake. Silvana later wakes Claire when she sees Becky has in fact stolen the purse, but has left a beautiful cake. Claire takes it to Roy for his son's birthday, as a way of thanking Nina. She and Silvana go to visit her son's grave, where Silvana hangs a wind chime in a nearby tree. On the ride home, Claire finally sits upright in the car.
Robert Carlyle plays Lachlan MacAldonich, a former Britpop rocker-turned-agricultural worker, who gets caught driving drunk and faces deportation after living in Los Angeles for 12 years.  His efforts to stay in the U.S. force him to confront his past and current demons. The film addresses immigration issues, alcoholism, and personal redemption.
An anthology of five short films exploring the impact and stigma of mental illness. Three of the five stories are connected.
In the summer of 1983, Elio Perlman, a 17-year-old Jewish Italian-French boy, lives with his parents in rural Northern Italy. Elio's father, a professor of archaeology, invites a 24-year-old Jewish-American graduate student, Oliver, to live with the family over the summer and help with his academic paperwork. Elio, an introspective bookworm and a musician, initially thinks he has little in common with Oliver, who appears confident and carefree. Elio spends much of the summer reading, playing piano, and hanging out with his childhood friends, Chiara and Marzia. During a volleyball match, Oliver touches Elio's back but Elio brushes it off. However, Elio later finds himself jealous upon seeing Oliver pursue Chiara.  Elio and Oliver spend more time together, going for long walks into town, and accompanying Elio's father on an archaeological trip. Elio is increasingly drawn to Oliver, even sneaking to Oliver's room to smell his clothing. Elio eventually confesses his feelings to Oliver, who tells him they cannot discuss such things. Later, in a secluded spot, the two kiss for the first time. Oliver is reluctant to take things further, and they do not speak for several days.  Elio goes on a date with Marzia and the two have sex. Elio leaves a note for Oliver to end their silence. Oliver writes back, asking Elio to meet him at midnight. Elio agrees and they sleep together for the first time. Afterwards, Oliver says to Elio, "Call me by your name and I'll call you by mine". The morning after, Elio is briefly conflicted about their encounter and takes out his sexual frustration by masturbating with a peach. When Oliver finds him, Elio cries about how little time he and Oliver have left together. Marzia confronts Elio after not hearing from him for three days. He responds coldly, hurting her.  As the end of Oliver's stay approaches, Elio's parents, who appear to be aware of the bond between the two, recommend that he and Oliver visit Bergamo together before Oliver returns to the U.S. They spend three romantic days together. Elio, heartbroken after Oliver's departure, calls his mother and asks her to pick him up from the train station and take him home. Marzia is sympathetic to Elio's feelings and says she wants to remain friends. Elio's father, observing his unhappiness, tells him that the bond he had with Oliver was rare and that he envied Elio because he never was able to have what Elio and Oliver had.  During Hanukkah, Oliver calls Elio's family to tell them he is engaged to be married to a woman he has been seeing for a few years. Elio calls Oliver by his name and Oliver responds with his; Oliver also says that he remembers everything. After the call, Elio sits down by the fireplace and stares into the flames, tearfully reflecting, as his parents and staff prepare the holiday dinner.
Alice Ackerman works as a camgirl on a website called FreeGirlsLive under the name "Lola_Lola”. Her mother is unaware of her career, believing that she works in web development. Her younger brother, Jordan, knows about Alice's job and has agreed to keep it a secret, though he persuades Alice to tell their mother the truth someday. During one livestream, Alice simulates her suicide by slitting her own throat using fake blood, which greatly increases her popularity. Alice has two loyal viewers, Barney and Arnold (also known as "Tinker"), whom she regularly engages in private video calls with. She soon learns that Barney will be in her area next week, and agrees to meet up for a date. Alice also recognizes Arnold in a store, and realizes that he has moved to her state.  One morning, Alice finds that she cannot access her FGL account, but that Lola is still active and currently streaming. Curious, she logs into a spare account to watch the stream to find that the channel has been taken over by someone with her exact appearance and mannerisms – even the studio is an exact replica of Alice's studio in her home. Alice contacts the site's customer service, believing that they are replaying old shows, but they assure her that this is impossible. When Alice messages the channel, the "Lola" on-screen responds to her and addresses her directly, proving that the stream is in fact live. Alice confides in her fellow camgirls about the situation, and accuses rival camgirl Princess_X of being responsible, but Princess swears her innocence.  Alice continues to try and access her FGL account, as well as create a new one, but all her attempts fail. At Jordan's birthday party, a fight breaks out between him and his friends after they happen across one of Alice's streams and ridicule her, which causes her mother to inadvertently find out the truth. A humiliated Alice panics and leaves. That night, the fake Lola hosts a show in which she stages her own suicide by shooting herself in the mouth. It causes Alice to have a panic attack, and she contacts the police, who are largely unhelpful and judgmental. When the fake Lola announces an upcoming joint show with BabyGirl, Alice unsuccessfully attempts to get in contact with Baby, though she grows suspicious when Baby uses the same phrases in her stream that the fake Lola did.  During her date with Barney, Alice cleverly manages to get him to reveal Baby's hometown. She excuses herself to the bathroom to further investigate on her phone, but "Lola" goes live right at that moment. Barney confronts and assaults her, accusing her of lying about her identity to try and scam him, but Alice manages to free herself. Alice uses the information provided by Barney to find Baby's real name, which is Hannah Darin, and discovers that the real Hannah had passed away in a car crash six months prior. She searches for other camgirls that she assumes to be doppelgängers and notices that each of the fake girls have Arnold as their top friend. She seeks him out at a motel he mentioned he was staying at earlier, tearfully begging for his help. He offers to let her stay the night at his motel. Alice wakes up in the middle of the night to find Arnold in the bathroom, masturbating while in a private cam session with Lola. An enraged Alice demands answers from Arnold, who reveals that he knows about the replicas, but insists that he is not behind them. Alice then talks to the fake Lola from Arnold's computer, who appears to be oblivious to the fact that they are identical. She angrily leaves, ignoring Arnold's pleas with her to stay.  Alice goes home and sets up her vanity mirror, camera, and television in a position that creates an illusion showing multiples of her. She joins a private cam session with the fake Lola (who once again doesn't recognize her) and suggests that they go live together. The fake Lola enthusiastically agrees and viewers chalk up the two Lolas to special effects. Alice challenges Lola to a game – they must imitate each other; whoever the viewers think does the best wins. If Alice wins, she gets to ask anything of Lola. Alice is declared the winner after breaking her own nose, and she demands Lola's account password. She then deletes Lola's account just as it reaches the number 1 rank.  Some time later, she prepares to start a live show under a new account, with her mother assisting. The film ends as she starts all over again with a new identity.
The infamous Camp Blood is open for business! A college assignment sends a group of young students deep into the woods, and deeper into terror. One by one, a masked killer begins to murder them in gruesome fashion. They say the 3rd time is the charm, and Camp Blood 3 has thrice the slice! Stay out of the woods unless you want to be the next victim of the Camp Blood killer.
A paranormal team sets to check out the abandoned Camp Cold Brook where a mass murder had taken place decades previous.
By the end of each summer, children from the fundamentalist Catholic community in the suburbs of New Jersey visited Camp Hope. Deep in the woods, away from civilization, the children are taught the ways of cult-like Christianity, the temptations of the flesh, and the horror of Satan. The head priest, who teaches the children these doctrines of fundamentalist Catholicism, has unknowingly brought evil with him by solely focusing on sin instead of salvation. The priest fills these young minds with the belief that everything they do is an occasion of sin. He delves deep into their psyche asking them things like whether or not they masturbate, because masturbation, according to the Catholic Church, is the same as premarital sex and gives the devil a foothold in their hearts and minds. The priest also goes so far as to call a girl at the camp a whore simply because she was talking to a male member of the camp. These psychological attacks take their toll, and the presence of a demon starts to creep into the minds of the children, especially the main character, Tommy Leary.  Tommy's grandfather had recently died and the afterlife is very much on his mind. At the same time, his innocent relationship with his childhood crush slowly becomes more physical until the two escape into the woods for a sexual encounter. Melissa, his crush, is caught and sent home, allowing the priest to focus on Tommy. The priest takes Tommy down a psychological and spiritual path that makes the presence of the demon real to him, and it begins to haunt him.  The movie ends with Tommy, after a confrontation with the priest and a near suicide attempt, denouncing his faith in the God he was being taught about and goes on a different path. The priest, after his emotionally brutal encounter with Tommy in his cabin, suffers a stroke. The members of the community struggle over whether to pull the plug, hoping for a miracle, while the priest spends the rest of his life in a persistent vegetative state, eyes wide open, with a look of horror on his face.  On the way home from the hospital, Tommy finds a note given to him earlier by Melissa telling him when he can to find her and be with her.  As the car drives on, he opens the window and throws out the copy of Dante's Inferno, which falls open on the road to a picture of a demon.
Mitchie Torres and her mother, Connie, return to Camp Rock for another summer. They see a new camp, Camp Star, has opened across from them and Mitchie and her friends notice there are fewer campers at Camp Rock. After Opening Jam, the camp's meet-and-greet, Camp Star send snacks to Camp Rock and invite them to their upcoming bonfire event that night. Brown Cesario, Camp Rock's director, is hesitant to attend as Camp Star was founded by Axel Turner, whom Brown kicked out of his band years ago.  Most of Camp Rock attend at Mitchie's behest and they soon realize the bonfire was to set up an expensive, elaborate performance to entice their campers and counselors to join Camp Star; while few campers join (including Tess Tyler), several counselors make the switch. With minimal staff, Brown announces the closure of camp but Mitchie and her friends persuade him to keep it open after assuming roles as counselors. Meanwhile, during the performance, Axel's daughter, Dana, has her bracelet come loose from her hand and hit Nate Gray; after returning the bracelet, they begin to bond, but Dana is dismayed at Nate's nonchalance.  Mitchie and her friends initially struggle to settle into their role as counselors. Upset at being blindsided during their visit, they revisit Camp Star, who are shown to solely prioritize practicing music, with no space for other activities. Axel suggests broadcasting a competition between the camps on television, with the winner decided by a public vote; although reluctant, Mitchie agrees at the urging of her friends. This angers Brown, and Mitchie overhears him tell Connie that if Camp Rock were to lose, it could result in the permanent closure of the camp.  Mitchie urges focus on winning the competition, which frustrates other campers and Shane Gray, Mitchie's boyfriend, who returned to Camp Rock to spend time with her. Dismayed at this strict performance-oriented nature of camp, Shane and the other counselors organize a water balloon fight to improve the campers' spirits; this angers Mitchie, and she and Shane argue. The next day, Mitchie finds everyone rehearsing for the competition, led by Shane, and they reconcile. Meanwhile, Nate sneaks into Camp Star to express his feelings to Dana and is caught by Axel.  As the competition, Brown finds out Axel has spent exorbitant sums to ensure voting for Camp Star is easier than voting for Camp Rock. Camp Rock performs, accompanied by a video montage of camp activities, but Camp Star wins the competition. Mitchie apologizes to Shane about not spending enough time with him and they kiss. At the final Camp Rock bonfire of the summer, many members of Camp Star, including Tess and Dana, opt to join Camp Rock, impressed at the camp's culture. This ensures enough campers for another summer.
Elise Miller (Grace Helbig) is a twenty-something publishing assistant who is engaged to Jeff Sanford (Chester See), and just finished her first book, which is said to include "unrequited love and the Loch Ness Monster." At work, Elise accidentally sees her boss, Celia Burrows (Rachel Quaintance), making out with Walker Paige (Sawyer Hartman), of the hit "Midnight Moonlight" series. Her friend Manda (Megan M. Duffy) takes some photos of the two, which Elise accidentally uploads to the book's Facebook page; this blunder costs Elise her job. She returns home, only to find out that Jeff has been cheating on her, so she returns to her old apartment. She gets drunk, and calls Sally Meister (Ellen Karsten), the head camp counselor of Elise's old camp, Camp Takota, whom she met earlier again after eight years, and tells her that she's going back to camp. The next morning, Elise wakes up realizes what she has done, and decides to head to camp anyway. Arriving with the Fefferman family, including their young daughter Penny, Elise finds that her old friends and former Takota campers, Maxine Reynolds (Mamrie Hart) and Allison Henry (Hannah Hart), now work at the camp.  As the newest camp counselor, Elise has her hands full handling the campers, as she isn't interested in the whole camp experience. When she snaps on the campers in her class, after they find the letters Jeff has been sending her to win her back, Maxine invites her to her home with Allison later that night. Elise reveals what's been going on, with work, her ex-fiancée, and wishes that she was more like "a happier version of herself". As the three party, Elise spots Allison's acceptance letter from the Chicago Chef's Institute, then is startled by the appearance of Eli (Chris Riedell), the two girls' friend who works as a farmer. Giving her a lift back to camp, she finds that Eli had an ex-wife who cheated on him, and an attraction builds. The camp is visited by Jared Meister (John Milhiser), Sally's son, and his assistant Kyle (Jason McNichols), who want to turn Camp Takota into a more digital camp, because Takota has been losing business. Maxine soon gets confirmation from Sally that the camp will be closing after this summer, unless at least 50% of the campers pre-register for next year. She tells the news to Allison, Elise, and Chet (Cameron Britton), the camp's handyman, and they all agree to try to save the camp. However, Elise gets a call from Celia, who offers her her job back because the photos that were uploaded gave the "Midnight Moonlight" sales a huge boost, and agrees to publish her book if she arrives tomorrow morning. Elise takes up the offer, telling Maxine and Allison the news, which gets them into a heated argument because Maxine knows this isn't what Elise wants. Elise ends up revealing that Maxine is only saving the camp so she can get her promotion, and Allison got a career offer, and doesn't want Maxine to know because she is a control freak. Elise asks Eli for a ride to the train station, but he refuses because she's not just leaving Takota, she's also leaving him, so she asks Chet for a ride. Allison talks to Maxine, revealing that she wanted to leave but was afraid of her reaction, but Maxine confesses that all she wants is for Allison to go and be happy. Elise sits at the bus station, and thinks about the camp and her friends, and soon returns.  At the camp's final day, which is also Visitor's Day for parents; Elise, Maxine, and Allison put on a dance number. Later that night, Jared reveals the plan to replace Camp Takota, to which Maxine gives a tearful explanation over why they shouldn't allow that to happen. She then introduces Eli to the campers, who is also revealed to be a writer just like Elise, and tells a ghost story to them. Suddenly, Jeff interrupts and demands Elise to come home with him, but she refuses, with Jeff fighting Eli when she reveals he is her boyfriend. Jeff leaves in shame, and the night's events lead to 60% of the campers to pre-register for the next summer the next day, thus saving the camp. With the mission a success, the three girls sit and look out in the sunset before leaving. One year later, Maxine is the new head camp counselor at Takota; Allison is now in a culinary school training to be a chef in Chicago, and Elise and Eli are together, with Elise finally achieving success with her new book, "Cabin Fever", all about Camp Takota, featuring a character resembling Penny.
The film begins with the September 11 attacks shown on television when Ali Amir enters a house and begins to perform salah (Islamic prayer) when he is kidnapped and taken to Guantanamo Bay detention camp, specifically Camp Delta.  Eight years later, Army Private first-class Amy Cole is placed as a guard at Guantanamo. Upon arrival, she volunteers for the IRF (the riot squad) and is cold towards the detainees, despite her contempt for the facility's handling of detainees. While on duty, Ali tries to make conversation, but Cole is annoyed by his persistence and rebuffs his advances; in return, Ali throws his feces at her and is sent to the frequent flyer program (sleep deprivation punishment). Corporal "Randy" Ransdell also takes an interest in Cole, going as far as to attempt to have sex with her in a bathroom.  Cole enters Ali's cell while it is being searched and notices suicide-prevention pamphlets on the floor. She finds Ali's file, which reveals that he has a history of self-harm and discipline, becoming more and more violent as time passed. When Ali returns to his cell, he apologizes to Amy for his actions. He confides to her that he was born in Bremen, Germany and was not involved with terrorist groups, and a relationship forms between the two.  Eight months later, Ransdell lies to Cole and orders her to watch Ali shower, violating SOP (Standard Operating Procedure) and Arabic social norms. Upon discovering that Ransdell lied, Cole files a report with her commanding officer, Colonel James Drummond. Drummond talks to Ransdell, who makes (unspecified) counter-accusations, and dismisses Cole's complaint because Ransdell is her superior. Ransdell and Cole must both attend a board of inquiry (not shown nor later referred to). Cole begins to become more isolated from the other guards and is reassigned to the night shift.  One night, near the end of Cole's tour at Guantanamo, Ali takes a blade hidden in his Quran and is about to commit suicide, but is talked down by Cole, who tells him her name and where she's from (also violations of SOP). At this point, it is clear that her feelings towards the detainee have softened as she is distressed by the possibility of him dying. As Cole leaves Guantanamo teary-eyed, Ali discovers the Harry Potter book he had been hoping for over two years, finding she had written a note inside saying:  "To Ali, I don't know if Snape's a good guy. But I know you are. Love, Blondie”.
College student Becca begins to notice strange events on her campus, which become more apparent when she sees classmate Ari fall from a great height and appear unharmed. The two attempt to uncover the secrets of their campus while being antagonized by Elliot, the student who caused Ari to fall. Meanwhile, Ari's friend Arun and his girlfriend Izzy are blackmailed by the Griefers, a group of students who want complete free will on the campus. Arun confides in Greta, a new student he meets, that his parents are forcing him into an arranged marriage and he has locked his parents in his closet.  During a party, Elliot abruptly disintegrates and an earthquake appears to affect the campus. Only Becca, Ari, Arun, and Izzy appear to witness these events, however, and suddenly find themselves being hunted by the campus' security guards. Izzy now claims she cannot remember why she was being blackmailed and the Griefers are disintegrated before they can reveal her secret. Greta helps the guards capture Izzy, but is also disintegrated for letting Arun escape. Ari, Becca, and Arun attempt to leave the campus through its exit, only to end up back at the entrance, while a strange entity in the sky attempts to kill them. They manage to evade the entity and reunite with Izzy as they look for a place to hide.  It is revealed the events on the campus have been taking place inside a video game and the students are avatars controlled by players. Arun is a young Indian man who resents being forced into an arranged marriage, Greta is the young Indian woman arranged to marry Arun and was playing the game to meet him, Izzy is a male catfish and cross-dresser, and Ari's player has been using the game to generate income. Ari, Arun, and Izzy, however, all escaped from their players' control and gained sentience, while Becca is implied to be a virus who escaped quarantine and inadvertently infected the other three. Responsible for the attempts on their lives are the game's programmers to prevent them from infecting other avatars.  Upon realizing the truth, Arun, Izzy, Ari, and Becca question what their next move should be. After some deliberation, Becca states they will contact their creators.
In 1991, following the critical and commercial failure of her biography of Estée Lauder, author Lee Israel struggles with financial troubles, writer's block, and alcoholism. Although she hopes to write a biography of comedian Fanny Brice, her agent, Marjorie, sharply rejects the idea and explains that Lee, with her difficult personality, is responsible for her own career slump.  With Marjorie unable to secure her an advance for a new book, regardless of subject matter, Lee resorts to selling her possessions to cover living expenses. She sells a personal letter she received long ago from Katharine Hepburn to a used bookstore merchant and autograph dealer named Anna. Lee begins spending time with old acquaintance Jack Hock.  Visiting a Manhattan library's special collections department to research Fanny Brice, Lee discovers two letters typewritten by Brice. She removes one of them from the building and shows it to Anna. Anna makes Lee an offer that is lower than what she was expecting due to the letter's bland content. Lee returns home and uses a typewriter to add a postscript to the letter. Lee returns to Anna's store, where Anna, amused by what "Fanny Brice" wrote "several decades ago," offers Lee $350.  Lee then starts forging and selling letters "by" deceased celebrities, incorporating intimate details to command high prices. Anna, a fan of Lee's biographies, tries to initiate a romantic relationship, but may have another motive as on their dinner date she gives Lee a short story she has written hoping for Lee to critique it. Moments after they leave the restaurant, the socially phobic Lee appears to rebuff Anna.  In some of Lee's letters, she has Noël Coward make references to presumably much-younger men with whom he enjoys socializing. A used book dealer named Paul buys one of them from Lee and then sends it to a friend of his who knew Coward, who died less than 20 years ago. Coward's friend becomes suspicious, though the letter does not refer to a sexual act or a man's anatomy. Paul raises an alarm that leads to Lee's customers blacklisting her. Unable to sell more forgeries, she has Jack sell the letters on her behalf. His customers do not know he has a connection to Lee. She also starts stealing authentic letters from libraries and archives for Jack to sell, replacing them with forged duplicates. While Lee is out of town committing one such theft, her cat dies under Jack's care. She ends their friendship, but continues their partnership out of necessity.  The FBI arrests Jack while he is attempting a sale. He cooperates with them, resulting in Lee being served with a court summons. She retains a lawyer, who advises her to show contrition by getting a job, doing community service, and joining Alcoholics Anonymous. In court, Lee says she enjoyed creating the forgeries, but that her actions were ultimately not worth it because she lost her cat and friend. The judge sentences Lee to five years' probation and six months' house arrest.  During her house arrest, Lee skips her AA meeting to meet with Jack, who is dying of AIDS, at a bar. They reconcile, and Jack grants Lee permission to write a memoir about their escapades. Sometime later, while Lee is passing a bookstore, she sees a Dorothy Parker letter she forged that is now on sale for $1,900. She writes the store owner a sarcastic note from the deceased Parker revealing that the letter is a fake. After reading the note, the owner goes to retrieve the letter, but then decides to keep it on display.
Emma Corrigan is a New York junior marketing representative at Panda, an organic food company, in Chicago for a sales meeting. The client declines her pitch. Emma gets drunk on the flight home. When the plane hits turbulence, she thinks she will die, and reveals her personal and professional woes to a handsome stranger, including her dissatisfaction with her boyfriend, Connor. Connor meets her at the airport and suggests they move in together. She agrees but regrets it the next morning.  Back at work, Emma prepares for the visit by Panda CEO Jack Harper. When he arrives, he is the handsome stranger from the plane. He agrees not to say anything or fire her, if she in return does not reveal that he was in Chicago.  In a marketing meeting Emma suggests that the target demographic for their "Panda Bites" product line should not be millennials, but the elderly. Connor and other coworkers say the product should simply be axed. Emma later asks Nick, the rep responsible for Panda Bites, for a cut of the marketing budget to test her theory.  Emma calls Connor to the archive room for spontaneous sex in an attempt to reinvigorate their relationship. When Connor refuses, Emma breaks up with him. Jack asks her out to dinner and the two begin a passionate relationship. Jack, however, remains secretive. Emma's roommate and best friend, Lissy, cautions her that their relationship may be too one-sided.  Jack discusses Panda's products on television with the office watching. He describes the company's new target demographic as the "girl on the street", and going into greater detail begins describing Emma, listing all of her secrets. Although he doesn't name her, her coworkers realize it is her and begin mocking her. Jack realizes too late what he's done. Emma refuses to take his calls. When he finds her at a coffee shop, Emma demands to know why he has been going to Chicago. Jack is reluctant and Emma leaves. Lissy and their other roommate, Gemma, suggest Emma get even by revealing his secrets. Gemma suggests a tabloid reporter friend help find details about Chicago but Emma declines.  At a marketing meeting, boss Cybill congratulates Nick for the ad in a magazine for the elderly which has paid off. When he takes all the credit, Emma calls him out, and requests a promotion she was promised. Cybill agrees.  Jack reveals the reason for his trips to Chicago: he has been working to ensure that his goddaughter stays out of the spotlight after the death of her father so she can have a normal life. Gemma arrives just then with her reporter friend and Jack leaves in anger. Emma tracks him down on a plane back to Chicago. She assures him she told the reporter nothing and expresses gratitude that he loved her when she was her true self. He then begins to reveal all of his secrets to her.
Kholi Styles, a young black teenager, is wrongfully accused of the murder of his white classmate from Winnetka. His father, Jackie Styles, is an up-and-coming lawyer who goes to court to fight for his son's innocence.
In the principal's office of Hemlock Prep Academy, Lona Skinner internally monologues about her hate towards Bennet Russell, her fellow and only other debate club member. They compete to be president of their two-person debate club as it would look good on their college applications; Lona - Harvard and Bennet - Yale. Ultimately, the principal declares them co-presidents, despite their protests.  At the debate tournament, Lona's mother, Amy, and Bennet's mother, Julia, are passive aggressive towards each other. Both Bennet and Lona make it to finals, and are declared co-champions as they are from the same school. The next day, they each send in their college applications.  Despite Lona's protests, Amy makes her dress for homecoming. Lona leaves the house, promising to go, but instead walks barefoot to the movies. She bumps into Bennet, who is also dressed for the dance. After the movie ends, Bennet offers Lona a ride home, but instead of taking her there, they get fast food and eat outside by the waterfront.  Their mothers are again hostile to each other next day at the regional qualifying tournament. Julia is meant to be a guest speaker, but Amy heckles her. Kathy, the school guidance counselor and their confidant, is told by both that their mothers are the reason neither qualified for the state championship. Kathy suggests maybe they just lost, but Bennet explains that the same happened in middle school twice. She tries to get them to work as a team to try and qualify in another round of state regionals, but neither wants to.  Bennet eventually tricks Lona into agreeing to team up, and they begin to study together. Together, they qualify for the state championship, but both worry about their college applications. Kathy makes them promise to have fun, no matter where they end up. The results come in later that night, and neither gets into their dream school. Julia tries to use her influence to get Bennet into Yale, only to infuriate Bennet.  The next day, both Lona and Bennet wait outside Kathy's office, but the principal approaches and informs them that Kathy died in a car crash. Bennet and Lona bond at Kathy's funeral, going out after for shakes and fries, where Bennet talks about how neither have ever really been high schoolers because they've been so busy with homework, tests, and debate.  Neither want to continue towards the state championship, but after talking with their debate coach Mr. Johnson, they agree to continue working together. Working cohesively, they begin to bond over Amy's cookies and become friends. Two days before the state tournament they kiss, then Lona pulls away. Meanwhile, Julia tries to make peace with Amy by asking for her cookie recipe. The next day, Lona skips school, so Bennet goes over later and tries to talk about the kiss only to be shut down by her, who explains she doesn't know how to handle it.   The following day at the state championship, they make it to the final, and compete against a team with an unconventional style of citing personal feelings over facts. Lona begins to stutter, but recovers after she seeing a note from Bennet, reminding her of Kathy. She and Bennet agree with the other team, losing the state championship but becoming a couple.  On prom night, Julia and Amy prepare their children for the prom. It is revealed that Lona was accepted into Yale, and Bennet to Harvard. They skip the dance and instead go to the movies, where again Lona internally monologues about how much she likes him.
The film follows the lives of two impressive, ambitious and sleek men. One of the two men is Steve Miller (Eric Presnall), a mature, strong, clean-cut man who leaves his job as an LAPD police officer in Los Angeles in pursuit of a calmer and less hectic career. The second prominent character is Mark Richfield (Rory Cosgrove), who proves to be lively, charismatic, charming and lovable around the office. Mark's attractive character and his superior communication skills places him in a unique position to apply for a promotion. Miller has ambitions for a top position in the advertising company and is hopeful to win the job until he learns of the new hot-shot, Mark, in the office. Mark's charm and passion wins him favor with his colleagues and boss, bringing in jealousy between the two.  Steve realizes that the corporate world is just as mean and cut-throat as the streets of Los Angeles, when the new British hire is still a shoo-in for his position, pushing him further into jealousy. The two antagonists head out for a team-building exercise in the Santa Fe desert for a business retreat that goes wrong. The two men find themselves igniting affection and sharing a passionate night, leaving the two deeply conflicted. Steve is later devastated by his discovery that Mark is engaged to marry in a month's time, to a fiancé who is too excited about the wedding. The two fight between passionate love and mutual respect and the growing hate caused by their career competition and growing affection.
In 1991, the brainwashed super-soldier James "Bucky" Barnes is dispatched from a Hydra base in Siberia to intercept an automobile carrying a case of super-soldier serum. In the present day, approximately one year after Ultron is defeated by the Avengers in the nation of Sokovia, Steve Rogers, Natasha Romanoff, Sam Wilson, and Wanda Maximoff stop Brock Rumlow from stealing a biological weapon from a lab in Lagos. Rumlow blows himself up, attempting to kill Rogers. Maximoff telekinetically diverts the explosion, accidentally destroying a nearby building and killing several Wakandan humanitarian workers in the process.  Thaddeus Ross, the U.S. Secretary of State,  informs the Avengers that the United Nations (UN) is preparing to pass the Sokovia Accords, which will establish a UN panel to oversee and control the team. The Avengers are divided: Tony Stark supports oversight because of his role in Ultron's creation and Sokovia's devastation, while Rogers has more faith in his own judgment than that of politicians. Meanwhile, Helmut Zemo tracks down and kills Barnes' old Hydra handler, stealing a book containing the trigger words that activate Barnes' brainwashing. At a UN conference in Vienna where the Accords are to be ratified, a bomb kills King T'Chaka of Wakanda. Security footage indicates the bomber is Barnes, whom T'Chaka's son, T'Challa, vows to kill. Informed by Sharon Carter of Barnes' whereabouts and the authorities' intentions to kill him, Rogers decides to try to bring in Barnes—his childhood friend and war comrade—himself. Rogers and Wilson track Barnes to Bucharest and attempt to protect him from T'Challa and the authorities, but all four, including T'Challa, are apprehended by the Bucharest police and James Rhodes.  Impersonating a psychiatrist sent to interview Barnes, Zemo recites the words to activate Barnes's brainwashing. He questions Barnes, then sends him on a rampage to cover his own escape. Rogers stops Barnes and sneaks him away. When Barnes regains his senses, he explains that Zemo is the real Vienna bomber and wanted the location of the Siberian Hydra base, where other brainwashed "Winter Soldiers" are kept in cryogenic stasis. Unwilling to wait for authorization to apprehend Zemo, Rogers and Wilson go rogue, and recruit Maximoff, Clint Barton, and Scott Lang to their cause. With Ross's permission, Stark assembles a team composed of Romanoff, T'Challa, Rhodes, Vision, and Peter Parker to capture the renegades. Stark's team intercepts Rogers' group at Leipzig/Halle Airport, where they fight until Romanoff allows Rogers and Barnes to escape.  As Rogers and Barnes are escaping, Rhodes is inadvertently shot down by Vision, and becomes partially paralyzed. The rest of Rogers' team is captured and detained at the Raft prison, and Romanoff goes into exile.  Stark discovers evidence that Barnes was framed by Zemo and convinces Wilson to give him Rogers' destination. Without informing Ross, Stark goes to the Siberian Hydra facility and strikes a truce with Rogers and Barnes, unaware that they were secretly followed by T'Challa. They find that the other super-soldiers have been killed by Zemo, who then shows them footage that reveals that the automobile Barnes had intercepted in 1991 contained Stark's parents, whom Barnes subsequently killed. Enraged that Rogers kept this from him, Stark turns on them both, leading to an intense fight, in which Stark destroys Barnes' robotic arm, and Rogers disables Stark's armor. Rogers departs with Barnes, leaving his shield behind. Satisfied that he has avenged his family's deaths in Sokovia from the Avengers' actions by successfully fracturing them, Zemo attempts suicide, but he is stopped by T'Challa and taken to the authorities.  In the aftermath, Stark provides Rhodes with exoskeletal leg braces that allow him to walk again, while Rogers breaks his allies out of the Raft. In a mid-credits scene, Barnes, granted asylum in Wakanda, chooses to return to cryogenic sleep until a cure for his brainwashing is found. In a post-credits scene, Parker explores the features of the web shooters built for him by Stark.
In the present day, scientists in the Arctic uncover an old, frozen aircraft. In March 1942, during World War II, Nazi lieutenant general Johann Schmidt and his men steal a mysterious relic called the Tesseract, which possesses untold godly powers, from the town of Tønsberg in German-occupied Norway.  In New York City, Steve Rogers is rejected for U.S. Army recruitment due to his various health and physical problems. While attending an exhibition of future technologies with his best friend, Sgt. James "Bucky" Barnes, Rogers again attempts to enlist. Overhearing Rogers' conversation with Barnes about representing his country in the war, Dr. Abraham Erskine allows Rogers to enlist. He is recruited into the Strategic Scientific Reserve as part of a "super-soldier" experiment under Erskine, Colonel Chester Phillips, and British MI6 agent Peggy Carter. Phillips is unconvinced by Erskine's claims that Rogers is the right person for the procedure but relents after seeing Rogers jump on a grenade to save his comrades, unaware that it is a test. The night before the treatment, Erskine reveals to Rogers that Schmidt underwent the procedure prematurely and suffered permanent side-effects.  Schmidt and Dr. Arnim Zola harness the energies of the Tesseract, intending to use the power to fuel Zola's inventions, and mount an offensive that will change the world. Schmidt discovers Erskine's location and sends assassin Heinz Kruger to kill him. Erskine subjects Rogers to the super-soldier treatment, injecting him with a special serum and dosing him with "vita-rays". After Rogers emerges from the experiment taller and more muscular, an undercover Kruger kills Erskine and flees with a vial of the serum. Rogers pursues and captures Kruger, but the assassin avoids interrogation by committing suicide with a cyanide capsule. With Erskine dead and his super-soldier formula lost, U.S. Senator Brandt has Rogers tour the nation in a colorful costume as "Captain America" to promote war bonds while scientists study him and attempt to reverse-engineer the formula. In 1943, while on tour in Italy performing for active servicemen, Rogers learns that Barnes' unit was MIA in a battle against Schmidt's forces. Refusing to believe that Barnes is dead, Rogers has Carter and engineer Howard Stark fly him behind enemy lines to mount a solo rescue attempt. Rogers infiltrates the fortress of Schmidt's Hydra division, freeing Barnes and the other prisoners. Rogers confronts Schmidt, who removes a mask to reveal a red, skull-like visage that earned him the sobriquet "the Red Skull". Schmidt escapes and Rogers returns to base with the freed soldiers.  Rogers recruits Barnes, Dum Dum Dugan, Gabe Jones, Jim Morita, James Montgomery Falsworth, and Jacques Dernier to attack other known Hydra bases. Stark outfits Rogers with advanced equipment, most notably a circular shield made of vibranium, a rare, nearly indestructible metal. Rogers and his team sabotage various Hydra operations, while he and Carter begin to fall in love. In 1945, the team assaults a train carrying Zola. Rogers and Jones succeed in capturing Zola, but Barnes falls from the train to his apparent death. Using information extracted from Zola, the final Hydra stronghold is located, and Rogers leads an attack to stop Schmidt from using weapons of mass destruction on major American cities. Rogers climbs aboard Schmidt's aircraft as it takes off. During the subsequent fight, the Tesseract's container is damaged. Schmidt physically handles the Tesseract, causing him to be sucked through a portal into space. The Tesseract burns through the plane and is lost in the ocean. Seeing no way to land the plane without the risk of detonating its weapons, Rogers radios Carter and says goodbye to her before crashing in the Arctic. The war in Europe ends, and Stark later recovers the Tesseract from the ocean floor but is unable to locate Rogers or the aircraft, presuming him dead.  Rogers awakens in a 1940s-styled hospital room. Hearing a radio broadcast of a baseball game that he attended in 1941, Rogers grows suspicious, flees outside and finds himself in present-day Times Square, where S.H.I.E.L.D. director Nick Fury informs him that he has been "asleep" for nearly 70 years. In a post-credits scene, Fury approaches Rogers and proposes a mission with worldwide ramifications.
Two years after the Battle of New York, Steve Rogers works in Washington, D.C., for the espionage agency S.H.I.E.L.D., while adjusting to contemporary society. During a mission alongside Agent Natasha Romanoff and S.H.I.E.L.D.'s counter-terrorism S.T.R.I.K.E. team led by Agent Brock Rumlow to free hostages aboard a S.H.I.E.L.D. vessel from pirates led by Georges Batroc, Rogers discovers Romanoff has another assignment: to extract data from the ship's computers.  Returning to the Triskelion, S.H.I.E.L.D.'s headquarters, Rogers confronts Director Nick Fury and is briefed about Project Insight: three Helicarriers linked to spy satellites, designed to preemptively eliminate threats. Unable to decrypt Romanoff's data, Fury becomes suspicious about Insight and asks senior S.H.I.E.L.D. official and Secretary of Internal Security Alexander Pierce to delay the project. On his way to rendezvous with Maria Hill, Fury is ambushed by assailants led by an assassin called the Winter Soldier. Escaping to Rogers' apartment, Fury warns him that S.H.I.E.L.D. is compromised, but is shot by the Winter Soldier, before handing Rogers a flash drive containing the ship's data. Fury is pronounced dead during surgery, and Hill recovers the body.   The next day, Pierce summons Rogers to the Triskelion. When Rogers withholds Fury's information, Pierce brands him a fugitive. Hunted by S.T.R.I.K.E., Rogers meets with Romanoff. Using the data, they discover a secret S.H.I.E.L.D. bunker in New Jersey, where they activate a supercomputer containing the preserved consciousness of Arnim Zola. Zola informs them that after being captured by Rogers during World War II, he was recruited to S.H.I.E.L.D., where he secretly reformed Hydra within its ranks, sowing global chaos to make humanity surrender its freedom in exchange for security, using the Winter Soldier as their primary assassin. The pair narrowly escape death when a S.H.I.E.L.D. missile destroys the bunker, and realizes that Pierce is Hydra's leader within S.H.I.E.L.D. Rogers and Romanoff enlist the help of VA employee and former USAF pararescueman Sam Wilson, whom Rogers befriended, and acquire a powered "Falcon" wingpack used by Wilson while he was in the Air Force.  They capture S.H.I.E.L.D. agent Jasper Sitwell, a Hydra mole, forcing him to divulge that Zola developed a data-mining algorithm that can identify individuals becoming future threats to Hydra. The Insight Helicarriers will sweep the globe, using satellite-guided guns to eliminate them. Sitwell is killed in an ambush by the Winter Soldier, whom Rogers recognizes as Bucky Barnes, his longtime best friend previously thought dead; he had survived due to Zola's experimentation and has been repeatedly brainwashed and cryogenically frozen to perform Hydra's missions. Hill manages to extract the trio to a safehouse where Fury, who had faked his death, plans to sabotage the Helicarriers by replacing their controller chips.  After the World Security Council members arrive for the Helicarriers' launch, Rogers broadcasts Hydra's plot to everyone at the Triskelion. Romanoff, disguised as one of the Council members, disarms Pierce. Fury arrives and forces Pierce to unlock S.H.I.E.L.D.'s database so that Romanoff can leak classified information, exposing Hydra to the public. Following a struggle, Fury fatally shoots Pierce. Rogers and Wilson raid two Helicarriers and replace the controller chips, but Barnes destroys Wilson's suit and fights Rogers on the third. Rogers fends him off and replaces the final chip, allowing Hill to take control and have the vessels destroy each other.  Rogers refuses to fight Barnes in an attempt to reach his friend, but as the ship collides with the Triskelion, Rogers falls into the Potomac River. Barnes rescues the unconscious Rogers before disappearing into the woods. With S.H.I.E.L.D. in disarray, Romanoff appears before a Senate subcommittee to defend her and Rogers' actions, while Fury, under the cover of his apparent death, heads to Eastern Europe in pursuit of Hydra's remaining cells. Rogers and Wilson decide to find Barnes, while Rumlow, who was a Hydra agent, is hospitalized following the Triskelion's destruction.  In a mid-credits scene, at a Hydra lab, Baron Wolfgang von Strucker and his scientists examine an energy-filled scepter and two test subjects: one with superhuman speed, the other with telekinetic powers. In a post-credits scene, Barnes visits his own memorial at the Smithsonian Institution.
Ben Cash, his wife Leslie, and their six children live an isolated existence on ten acres in the mountainous Washington wilderness. They are former left-wing anarchist activists disillusioned by capitalism and American life, who choose to instill survivalist skills and left-wing politics and philosophy in their children.  They educate them to think critically, and train them to be physically fit, athletic, and self-reliant without dependence on modern technology. They are raised to coexist with nature, are given unique names, and celebrate Noam Chomsky's birthday instead of Christmas. The children are accustomed to reading many forms of college-level literature, and, while showing high aptitude and intelligence beyond their years, they are socially awkward as they have not been socialized with the outside world.  Ben has been raising the children on his own while Leslie is hospitalized in New Mexico for bipolar disorder, away from her family and near her wealthy elitist parents. She dies by suicide while undergoing treatment and Ben learns that her father Jack plans to hold a Christian burial despite Leslie being a philosophical Buddhist who abhorred religion. Ben tries to convince Jack to honor Leslie's wish to be cremated, to no avail, and Jack threatens to have Ben arrested if he attends the funeral. Ben initially decides not to go and prevents his children from doing so, but then changes his mind, driving his children across the country on a repurposed school bus.  The family briefly stays at the home of Ben's sister, Harper. She and her husband try to convince Ben that the children should attend school to receive a conventional education; Ben quizzes Harper's children and his children on various topics, illustrating that his children are better educated and embarrassing Harper and her husband.   Later on their road trip, some of Ben's children start to doubt him and his parenting skills, with his second eldest son and middle child Rellian accusing him of failing to treat Leslie's mental health, and eldest son Bodevan accusing him of not equipping them for the real world, showing him acceptance letters from several top Ivy League colleges to which Leslie had helped him apply.  Ben arrives at Leslie's funeral with their children and reads her will, which instructs her family to cremate her and flush her ashes down a toilet. In response, Jack has Ben forcibly removed from the church. Angered by Jack's refusal to respect Leslie's wishes, Ben follows the funeral procession to the cemetery, planning to intervene, despite a police presence and Jack's threat to have him arrested. Ben relents at his children's insistence that they cannot lose both of their parents.  Rellian runs away to live with his grandparents, who want custody of all the children. When one of Ben's older twin daughters Vespyr tries to clandestinely exfiltrate Rellian from their grandparents on Ben's orders, she falls from the roof and narrowly avoids breaking her neck. Ben, shocked and guilty, allows Jack to take his children. Although the children bond with their grandparents, they quietly decide to follow Ben and reunite with him.  The children desire to honor Leslie's final wishes, and persuade Ben to help them. Exhuming her corpse, they burn it on a funeral pyre then flush her ashes down an airport toilet. Bodevan then leaves the family to travel through Namibia, while the rest settle into a more "real world" life on a farm. The final scene shows the school-age children eating breakfast around the kitchen table with their father, waiting for the school bus to arrive.
In 1995, on the Kree Empire's capital planet of Hala, Starforce member Vers suffers from amnesia and recurring nightmares involving an older woman. Yon-Rogg, her mentor and commander, trains Vers to control her abilities, while the Supreme Intelligence, the artificial intelligence that rules the Kree, urges her to keep her emotions in check.   During a mission to rescue an undercover operative infiltrating a group of Skrulls, alien shapeshifters with whom the Kree are at war, Vers is captured by Skrull commander Talos. A probe of Vers' memories leads them to Earth. Vers escapes and crash-lands in Los Angeles. Her presence attracts S.H.I.E.L.D. agents Nick Fury and Phil Coulson, whose investigation is interrupted by a Skrull attack. Vers recovers a crystal containing her extracted memories in the ensuing chase while Fury kills a Skrull impersonating Coulson.  Talos, disguised as Fury's boss Keller, orders Fury to work with Vers and keep tabs on her. Using her extracted memories, Vers and Fury go to the Project Pegasus installation at a U.S. Air Force base. They discover that Vers was a pilot presumed to have died in 1989 while testing an experimental light-speed engine designed by Dr. Wendy Lawson, whom Vers recognizes as the woman from her nightmares. Fury informs S.H.I.E.L.D. of their location and a team arrives. Fury realizes that Keller is Talos and helps Vers escape in a jet with Lawson's stowaway cat, Goose.  They fly to Louisiana to meet former pilot Maria Rambeau, the last person to see Vers and Lawson alive. Rambeau and her daughter Monica reveal that Vers is Carol Danvers, who was once like family to them. Talos, arriving unarmed, explains that the Skrulls are refugees searching for a new home and that Lawson was Mar-Vell, a renegade Kree scientist helping them. Talos plays a recovered blackbox recording from Lawson's jet, prompting Danvers to remember the crash: Yon-Rogg killed Mar-Vell to prevent her from destroying the engine before the Kree could recover it. Destroying the engine herself, Danvers absorbed the energy from the ensuing explosion, gaining powers but losing her memory.  Danvers, Talos, Fury, and Rambeau locate Lawson's cloaked laboratory orbiting Earth, where Lawson hid several Skrulls, including Talos' family, and the Tesseract, the power source of Lawson's engine. There, Danvers is captured by Starforce and interfaces with the Supreme Intelligence. Danvers removes the Kree implant that suppressed her powers during their encounter, allowing her to reach her full potential. In the subsequent battle, Fury retrieves Goose, who is revealed to be an alien Flerken. Goose swallows the Tesseract and scratches Fury, blinding his left eye. Danvers destroys a Kree bomber, forcing Kree officer Ronan the Accuser and his squadron to retreat.  Danvers overpowers Yon-Rogg and sends him to Hala with a warning for the Supreme Intelligence. She then departs to help the Skrulls find a new homeworld, leaving Fury a modified pager to contact her in an emergency. Fury drafts an initiative to locate heroes like Danvers, naming it after her Air Force call sign, "Avenger". In a mid-credits scene, set in 2018, the activated pager is being monitored by the Avengers when Danvers appears looking for Fury. In a post-credits scene, Goose climbs onto Fury's desk and regurgitates the Tesseract.
Richard Phillips takes command of MV Maersk Alabama, an unarmed container vessel from the Port of Salalah in Oman, with orders to sail through the Guardafui Channel to Mombasa, Kenya. Wary of pirate activity off the coast of the Horn of Africa, he and First Officer Shane Murphy order strict security precautions on the vessel and carry out a practice drill. During the drill, the captain notices that the vessel is being followed by Somali pirates in two skiffs, and Phillips calls for help. Knowing that the pirates are listening to radio traffic, he pretends to call a warship, requesting immediate air support. One skiff turns around in response, and the other – crewed by four heavily armed pirates led by Abduwali Muse – loses engine power trying to steer through Maersk Alabamas wake.  The next day, Muse's skiff, now fitted with two outboard engines, returns with the same four pirates aboard. Despite the efforts of Phillips and his crew, the pirates secure their ladder to the ship. As they board, Phillips tells the crew to hide in the engine room, just before the pirates storm the bridge and hold Phillips and the other crew members at gunpoint. Phillips offers Muse the $30,000 in the ship's safe, but Muse's orders are to ransom the ship and crew in exchange for millions of dollars of insurance money from the shipping company. While they search the ship, Shane sees that the youngest pirate Bilal does not have sandals and tells the crew to line the engine room hallway with broken glass.  Chief Engineer Mike Perry deactivates the power to the ship, plunging the lower decks into darkness. Bilal cuts his feet when they reach the engine room, and Muse continues to search alone. The crew members ambush Muse, holding him at knifepoint, and arrange to release him and the other pirates into a lifeboat. However, Muse's right-hand man Nour Najee refuses to board the lifeboat with Muse unless Phillips goes with them. Once all are on the lifeboat, Najee attacks Phillips, forcing him into the vessel before launching the boat with all five of them on board.  As the lifeboat heads for Somalia, tensions flare between the pirates as they run low on the plant-based amphetamine khat that they have been eating, and they lose contact with their mother ship. Najee becomes agitated and begins to question Muse’s leadership when they are intercepted by the U.S. Navy destroyer . Bainbridges captain Frank Castellano is ordered to prevent the pirates from reaching the Somali coast by any means. Even when additional ships arrive, Muse asserts that he has come too far and will not surrender. The negotiators are unable to change his mind, and a team from DEVGRU parachutes in to intervene, while Phillips attempts to escape from the lifeboat before being quickly recaptured and repeatedly beaten by Najee.  While three DEVGRU marksmen get into positions, Castellano and DEVGRU continue to try to find a peaceful solution, eventually taking the lifeboat under tow. Muse agrees to board Bainbridge, where he is told that his clan elders are arriving to negotiate Phillips's ransom. In the lifeboat, Phillips prepares a goodbye letter to his wife in case he is killed, while Najee decides to take full control. Najee spots Phillips writing the letter and snatches it. Phillips retaliates by beating Najee until Bilal subdues Phillips by striking him in the back with his AK-47.  The pirates tie up and blindfold Phillips and Najee beats Phillips further and berates Bilal and Elmi for their protests, even stating that they've been tricked by the Navy as the elders didn't come to negotiate. As Najee prepares to shoot Phillips, Bainbridges crew stops the tow, causing Elmi, Bilal, and Najee to lose balance. This gives the marksmen three clear shots, by which they simultaneously kill all three pirates. Muse is arrested and taken into custody for piracy. Phillips is rescued from the lifeboat and his injuries are treated. Although in shock and disoriented, he thanks the rescue team for saving his life.
The film tells the story of the 1990 murder of Gregg Smart and the subsequent New Hampshire trial and conviction, with gavel to gavel media coverage, of murderer Pamela Smart.
On March 11, 2005, Brian Nichols escapes from the Fulton County courthouse in Atlanta, during his trial involving a rape case. In the process of the escape he murders the judge presiding over his trial, Rowland Barnes, as well as court reporter Julie Brandau. He also shoots Sergeant Hoyt Teasley while escaping from the courthouse, and later kills ICE Special Agent David G. Wilhelm, who was off-duty at his home.  Nichols becomes the subject of a citywide manhunt. His frantic escape brings him to the apartment of Ashley Smith, a single mother and recovering methamphetamine addict, whom he holds hostage. Smith gets through the time by being inspired by Rick Warren's best-selling book The Purpose Driven Life while Nichols searches for redemption. As she reads aloud, Smith and her would-be killer come to a crossroads. Nichols eventually turns himself in to the police.
In 2019, Chicago is placed under martial law after a global extraterrestrial invasion. As the Drummond family attempts to flee the city, they break through a barricade but are confronted by the aliens, who vaporize the parents but leave their sons Gabriel and Rafe alive.  By 2028, the world has capitulated to the alien "Legislators", submitting to their governance. Humans are conscripted to build "Closed Zones", underground habitats for the aliens with access only granted to and by high government officials.  Gabriel Drummond, living in the impoverished Pilsen neighborhood, is confronted by Chicago Police Special Branch Commander William Mulligan, who had partnered with Gabriel's father before the invasion. Mulligan is convinced that the Phoenix resistance group has not been neutralized, contrary to what the public has been told, but Gabriel offers him no information.  Gabriel meets with a member of Phoenix to sell a hand-rolled cigarette containing secret information received from a coworker. The man takes him to Wicker Park, where he meets his brother Rafe, the leader of the resistance. Rafe takes the coded cigarette and directs Gabriel to leave as Phoenix is planning to attack the upcoming Unity Rally at Soldier Field. Rushing to his apartment and hastily packing, Gabriel is again confronted by Mulligan, who had him under surveillance. Gabriel evades Mulligan and hides underground.  The cigarette’s code allows Rafe's team to access Chicago's surveillance system and the deployment patterns of law enforcement units. Rafe and other Phoenix members attack the Unity Rally, using an invisible alien explosive device against the aliens when they arrive. The attack initially appears successful, but the city is subsequently locked down and swarmed by security forces in response. Angered by the attack, the aliens bring in hunters from off-world to seek out the perpetrators, finding Rafe and his accomplices Anita and Daniel. Anita is vaporized and Daniel ingests a cyanide pill to avoid capture, but Rafe is shot and arrested by Mulligan before he can ingest his cyanide pill.  Gabriel emerges from hiding but is taken into custody during a police raid. Mulligan shows him his brother being tortured for information and convinces him to send a message through the Phoenix network in hopes of meeting the supposed ringleader, Number One. Gabriel is eventually led to Jane Doe, a prostitute running a brothel in Pilsen, who acknowledges Gabriel by name, to his confused surprise. Police raid the house, and Doe is killed.  The subsequent investigation reveals that Doe bugged her own residence to record conversations with Special Branch members and glean classified information. The tapes reveal that Police Commissioner Eugene Igoe divulged sensitive information about the aliens' arrival to Soldier Field which allowed Phoenix to develop their attack strategy. Igoe, along with Rafe and many others, are deported off-world and Mulligan, declaring the Chicago threat neutralized, is promoted to Acting Commissioner.  Mulligan meets with Gabriel privately, with Gabriel lamenting that Rafe's plan failed. Mulligan, retrieving a box earlier received from Doe, reveals a BlackBerry phone, giving the memory card to Gabriel and suggesting that maybe failure was the plan. Gabriel reviews the card’s contents — a video depicting his own baby shower, and revealing Jane Doe taught at the same school as his mother. It was at the shower that she was introduced to Mulligan, with several Phoenix members present, and the video closes with Mulligan leaving a message for Gabriel, inspiring him to carry the torch of Phoenix.  Meanwhile, Mulligan is cleared to meet underground with the Legislators. As he descends, the invisible substance of the powerful alien explosive envelops him, indicating he is part of the resistance and that the whole 'failed' plan was orchestrated to allow him to deal a fatal blow to the Legislators.  During the credits, a map details that the Chicago Closed Zone was successfully destroyed, with other resistance strikes and protests having broken out in cities all over the world, indicating that the opening exhortation to "light a match and ignite a war" has led humanity to attempt to overthrow their alien oppressors.
Doug Martin (Nick Jonas) is a young adult spending the summer with his parents at their lake house. When rich investment banker Elliot Harper (Dermot Mulroney) moves in next door, Doug finds himself immediately drawn to Elliot's young wife, Lena Harper (Isabel Lucas). Elliot hires Doug to work on his sailboat, and this gives Doug an excuse to interact with Lena, who is often alone due to Elliot traveling for business. Eventually Lena and Doug begin an affair, starting with Doug losing his virginity to Lena. Lena gets them pre-paid cellphones to communicate on, and constantly warns Doug about Elliot's possessive and jealous nature. Lena also shows signs of physical abuse, which she says are from Elliot.  One night Lena calls Doug over to her house, where he finds Elliot dead on the floor. Lena claims he attacked her and she accidentally killed him when she fought back. After some major trepidation on Doug's part, Lena convinces him to help her cover up her part in Elliot's death. Soon after, an insurance investigator named Angie Alvarez (Kandyse McClure) shows up to investigate Elliot's death, due to the large settlement of 10 million dollars Lena is now set to receive from his life insurance. Suspicion quickly falls on Doug, and he grows nervous from the increased attention on him by both Angie and the town Sheriff (Paul Sorvino). Eventually he realizes that Lena has been manipulating him the whole time, intending to frame him for Elliot's murder; she claims that instead of a consensual affair Doug had been stalking her and raped her, and then killed Elliot in a jealous rage. Doug's attempts to prove his innocence are thwarted at every turn, presumably by Lena. For example, a gardener of the Harpers who had seen Doug and Lena together turns up murdered before the police can talk to him.  With the police ready to arrest him and with Lena having received the insurance money, Doug follows her to a hotel she is at with Angie, intending to retrieve one of the pre-paid cellphones he and Lena used from her person for evidence. It is there that Doug realizes that Angie is actually Lena's lover and has been her accomplice since the beginning. At first it seems that Lena will leave Doug to take the rap, however in a last gesture of love she decides to leave Doug the cell phone, which contains the exonerating evidence he needs. Angie and Lena flee the country on a private plane.  In the closing voice-over, Doug explains how he was eventually sent to prison, but on reduced charges for a short period of time. Lena and Angie are still on the run. He contemplates if he would do it all over again.
A corrupt businessman awakens trapped inside a locked cargo container with only a cell phone. He is given 24 hours to raise ten million in his own ransom money or his kidnappers will let him suffocate.
In 1978, two thieves, "Scorpion Joe" and Lenny, escape into the desert with a hostage, Vivian, after a failed heist.  Lenny dies of a gunshot wound suffered during their escape, and Joe forces Vivian to help him dispose of Lenny's body.  After a failed escape attempt, Vivian explains that she was at the bank to seek a loan to save her family's farm.  As she covertly reaches for a switchblade on the floor of Joe's car, an unseen assailant shoots out one of the car's tires.  Joe handcuffs Vivian to the steering wheel and exits the car, boasting that he will kill whoever shot at them.  The hidden sniper kills Joe, then drives up to talk to Vivian.  The sniper, Wyatt Moss, tells her that she is trespassing on private property, and insists he had a legal right to kill Joe.  Vivian begs him to free her, but he instead knocks her out with a drug.  Wyatt's brother, the sheriff, visits Wyatt's compound to ask if he has seen Vivian.  Wyatt denies any knowledge of her, and his brother warns him that she is too well known for her murder to be hushed up.  When Vivian wakes, she is handcuffed to Joe's corpse in the car.  She drags the corpse out of the car and uses a rock to smash the handcuff.  Once free, she wanders toward a PA system that has a record player attached.  When she plays the album on it, a recording of a siren, Wyatt takes several shots at her.  She takes off running, pursued by Wyatt.  After avoiding a trapped pit, Vivian finds an apparently dead woman who is holding a shiv.  Vivian grabs the weapon, startling the woman into semi-consciousness.  As Vivian attempts to revive her, Wyatt shoots and kills the woman.  The sheriff discovers Lenny's body and loudly announces that he is entering the compound.  While Wyatt is distracted, Vivian surprises him with an attack, takes his rifle from him, and shoots him.  Leaving Wyatt for dead with his rifle, Vivian looks for an exit from the fenced-in compound.  She follows the cries of an injured man, discovering Travis stuck in a bear trap.  Though she frees him, he is unable to move.  Travis laments that he is still going to die, as the entire compound is surrounded by miles of electric fencing.  Vivian says she believes she has killed Wyatt and promises to return with help.  Nearby, she finds a shack that is filled with grisly trophies, such as human ears.  Wyatt taunts her on a CB radio, saying he knows she is in the shack, and she hears a gunshot.  As Wyatt laughs, she yells at him, drawing the attention of the sheriff, who is investigating the compound.  As he enters the shack, Vivian kills him, only to be horrified that it is not Wyatt.  Wyatt further taunts her, shooting at her as she attempts to pick up the sheriff's nearby pistol.  Once she grabs it, she flees through a trapdoor that leads to a mine shaft.  Wyatt chases Vivian through the mine, which contains many dead bodies, dolls, and a PA system that plays distorted music.  Vivian hides among the dead bodies, then engages in a shoot-out with Wyatt, which causes a cave-in near him.  The lights go out, and Wyatt's taunts her with manic laughter and militaristic rants.  Vivian reaches the end of the mine and breaks through a boarded up exit.  As she emerges into the daylight, she laughs hysterically.  A note says that Vivian escaped to safety, and dozens of bodies were eventually found in the compound; however, Wyatt was never captured.
In 1936 the Knuckles Brothers Show, a carnival sideshow, pulls into another in a long series of small towns, only to be plagued by a killer.
During the Christmas season of 1952, aspiring photographer Therese Belivet is working in Frankenberg's department store in Manhattan. She meets a glamorous woman, Carol Aird, who is searching for a doll for her daughter, Rindy. At Therese's recommendation, Carol purchases a model train set instead. When Carol departs, she leaves her gloves on the counter. Therese mails them to her using Frankenberg's sales slip with Carol's name and address.  Therese's boyfriend, Richard, wants her to go to France with him, hoping they will marry, but she is ambivalent about their relationship. A common friend, Dannie, invites Therese to his workplace, The New York Times, and offers to introduce her to a photo editor friend. Meanwhile, Carol is going through a difficult divorce from her husband, Harge. Carol calls Frankenberg's to thank the clerk who returned the gloves and invites Therese to lunch. Therese visits Dannie and he kisses her, but she becomes uncomfortable and leaves.  Carol invites Therese to her home in New Jersey. She stops to purchase a Christmas tree, and Therese takes candid photographs of her. Harge arrives unexpectedly to take Rindy to Florida for Christmas; he becomes suspicious of Therese, as Carol had an affair years before with her friend Abby. Therese witnesses their argument. After Rindy leaves, a distressed Carol takes Therese to the train station so she can return home.  Carol calls to apologize to Therese and they meet at her apartment, where Carol surprises her with a suitcase containing a gift of a Canon camera and film. Carol has learned that Harge is petitioning the judge to consider a "morality clause" against her, threatening to expose her homosexuality and give him full custody of Rindy. She decides to take a road trip to escape the stress of the divorce proceedings and invites Therese to join her. Richard accuses Therese of being infatuated with Carol and predicts Carol will soon tire of her. The two argue and their relationship comes to an end. On the second night of the trip, Therese meets a traveling salesman, Tommy Tucker.  On New Year's Eve, Carol and Therese kiss for the first time and have sex. The next morning, they discover that Tucker is actually a private investigator Harge hired to obtain evidence against Carol. Carol confronts Tucker, threatening him at gunpoint, but he claims to have already sent tape recordings to Harge. Carol and Therese turn back. The next day, in Chicago, Therese learns that Carol has flown home to fight for custody of her daughter, having asked Abby to drive Therese home. Abby gives her a letter from Carol. Back at home, Therese telephones Carol, but knowing that she risks losing custody of Rindy if she continues her relationship with Therese, Carol hangs up.  Therese creates a portfolio of her photographs and gets a job at The New York Times. In the meantime, Carol has been seeing a psychotherapist as a condition of the divorce settlement. During a confrontational meeting in mid-April with divorce lawyers, Carol suddenly admits to the truth of what the tapes contain and refuses to deny her sexuality. To avoid going to court and the likelihood of a public scandal, she tells Harge that he can have custody of Rindy if he allows her regular visits.  Carol writes to Therese, and they meet in the lounge of the Ritz Tower Hotel. Carol reveals she is going to work for a furniture house and has taken an apartment on Madison Avenue. Therese declines Carol's invitation to live with her. Carol tells Therese that she is meeting associates in the Oak Room, and that if she changes her mind, they can have dinner. Therese remains still and Carol says, "I love you." They are interrupted by Jack, a colleague who has not seen Therese in months, and Carol departs.  Therese accepts Jack's ride to a party, but finds she cannot connect with anyone. She leaves for the Oak Room. She scans the diners and sees Carol at a table. Therese hesitates, then walks toward Carol. Their eyes meet. Carol gazes at Therese with a smile that slowly grows.
The film's opening credits have a lingering sense of unease to them, which is capitalized on as soon as Caroline and Jackie arrive at the “surprise birthday party” Caroline has planned for Jackie (despite her birthday not being for two months and it actually being Caroline's birthday) – where the dynamic between the pair (and Ryan, to some degree) is pushed out to the larger group, ratcheted up by rapid cuts and lingering looks between Jackie's friends. But it's not just a surprise dinner party that Caroline has put together – when the group ends up back at Jackie's place, the real “party” is revealed. It's an intervention for Jackie, headed up by Caroline, who hopes that she and Jackie's friends can help her with a variety of issues – anorexia, pill abuse, alcoholism, and even sexual promiscuity.  When Jackie inevitably flees the house, much of the tension of the film is deflated, but it does allow deeper character reveals, with Caroline making a move on another intervention attendee (or two), Jackie taking off for a bar, and every one of Jackie's supposedly worried friends acting less than caring. Clark uses some noticeable and basic plot tricks – pulling people apart and putting them back together, mixing up interactions between different characters, changing locations – but they all serve his aim, which is to slowly unfold the story in a believable way.  The film sets the sisters up as opposing forces, and a question quickly arises – who is more believable? Is Jackie in denial or is Caroline lying? Is Jackie sick or is Caroline even sicker? Is Jackie coping with alcohol because she's a drunk or because she needs a stiff one after a terrible night?
Carrie White is a shy, unpopular girl from Ewen High School in Maine. While showering after gym class, Carrie unexpectedly experiences her first menstrual period. Believing she is bleeding to death, she runs out yelling for help, but the other girls ridicule her by throwing tampons and pads at her. Bully Christine "Chris" Hargensen records everything on her cell phone and uploads it to YouTube.  The school's physical education teacher Miss Rita Desjardin, comforts Carrie and sends her home with her disturbed, religious fanatic mother Margaret White, who believes menstruation is a sin. Margaret demands that Carrie abstain from showering with the others. When Carrie refuses, Margaret hits her in the forehead with a Bible and locks her in her "prayer closet". As Carrie screams to be let out, a crack appears on the door, and the crucifix in the closet begins to bleed. Carrie begins to experience more telekinetic abilities and researches her abilities, learning to harness them.  Miss Desjardin threatens the girls who teased Carrie with an ultimatum: either endure detention for their behavior or be suspended from school, prohibiting them from attending prom; Chris is the only one who refuses to take part in detention and is suspended. Sue Snell regrets her part in the incident. To make amends, she asks her boyfriend, Tommy Ross, to take Carrie to the prom. Carrie accepts Tommy's invitation and makes a prom dress at home. Carrie asks her mother to let her go to prom, and Carrie manifests her telekinesis. Margaret believes this power comes from the Devil and is proof that Carrie has been corrupted by sin.  On prom night, Margaret tries to prevent Carrie from going, but Carrie uses her powers to lock her mother in the closet. At prom, as part of Chris and her boyfriend Billy's plan, Chris's friend, Tina Blake, discreetly slips fake ballots into the voting box, which names Carrie and Tommy as prom queen and king. At home, Sue receives a text from Chris, taunting her about her scheme to humiliate Carrie. Sue drives to the prom, arriving just as Carrie and Tommy are about to be crowned. Sue sees the bucket of blood dangling above Carrie and attempts to warn someone, but Desjardin locks her out of the gym, suspecting that Sue plans to hurt Carrie.  Chris dumps the blood onto Carrie and Tommy, and Nicki plays the "shower video" of Carrie on the large screens, inciting laughter from the audience. Carrie pushes Miss Desjardin with her powers when Desjardin attempts to help her. The bucket falls onto Tommy's head, killing him. Enraged, Carrie uses her telekinesis to kill every student and staff but spares Desjardin. An electrical wire merges with leaking water, and a fire breaks out. As the school burns to the ground, Carrie walks away. Chris and Billy attempt to drive away, but Carrie crashes the car, killing Billy. Chris attempts to run Carrie over, but Carrie lifts the car and throws it at a gas station, killing her.  Carrie arrives home, takes a bath, and changes. Carrie tearfully tells Margaret about the prank, and  Margaret recounts Carrie's conception, revealing that Carrie's father raped her, and Carrie's birth made her believe that Carrie is a sin she must pay for. Margaret stabs Carrie with a knife, believing that she must kill Carrie in order to prevent the Devil from possessing her again, and attacks Carrie, but Carrie kills her with many sharp tools. She becomes hysterical and makes stones rain from the sky to crush the house. When Sue arrives, a furious Carrie lifts her with her powers but senses that Sue is pregnant. Carrie protects Sue and throws her out of the house to safety as the house collapses and sinks, apparently killing Carrie as well.  After giving her testimony in court regarding the prom incident, Sue visits Carrie and Margaret's grave and places white roses by the headstone. As she leaves, the gravestone begins to break, and an enraged scream is heard, alluding that Carrie may have somehow survived.  Alternate ending After placing the roses on Carrie's grave, Sue suddenly feels pain from her pregnancy and begins to go into labor. As Sue struggles to give birth at the hospital, Carrie's bloody hand suddenly emerges and grabs Sue's arm. Sue screams loudly as she wakes up in her own bedroom with her mother comforting her and telling her that her nightmare is over.
Carrie Pilby is a 19-year-old child prodigy living alone in New York City. She is always the smartest person in the room but too unhappy to enjoy it. With difficulty interacting, she has trouble dating and making friends, but she always has something to say. And while she can analyze everything, regardless of the situation, she has more difficulty understanding herself.  Carrie asks her therapist, Dr. Petrov, in a weekly session why so much emphasis is placed on happiness. "There are some brilliant, unhappy people." But the therapist, a longtime friend of Carrie's absent and widowed father, is very aware of how unique she is. Originally from London, Carrie has lived in NYC since she was 12, when her mother passed and now by herself in Manhattan. She skipped three grades, graduating from Harvard University at 18. A year later, she works for a law firm as a proofreader at her dad's insistence, but doesn't really need the job.  Carrie's clearly lonely and feels odd, despite outward appearances. She has spent the past year largely hiding in her apartment and seeing Dr. Petrov. So, he makes her a to-do list to help her emerge from her self-isolation, "Give humanity a chance" and find joy in her life: Get a job. Make a friend. Get a pet. Go on a date. Do something you enjoyed as a child.  Her adventures include a blind date with an engaged guy, friendship with an extroverted but kind co-worker and "the guy next door", whom she meets while he's playing a didgeridoo in the alley behind their apartment building. They eventually get to know each other through a walk-and-talk around the city.  There are occasional flashbacks to Carrie's abusive relationship with her English professor when she was just 16. These serious scenes help explain her contradictions: intellectual wisdom beyond her years combined with a teen's emotional immaturity.  As Carrie starts to fulfill the list, her views on sex, romance and the world begin to change as well as how she sees relationships and humanity.
Mitch (Tyler Bruhn), a woodworker struggling with alcoholism after the death of his mother, begins a relationship with Lauren (Karenssa LeGear), a local elementary schoolteacher. His past trauma and difficult relationship with his father strains his romantic relationship with Lauren.
Armando Álvarez (Will Ferrell) has lived and worked on his father's ranch in Mexico his entire life. As the ranch encounters financial difficulties, Armando's younger brother Raúl (Diego Luna), shows up with his new fiancée, Sonia (Génesis Rodríguez). It seems that Raúl's success as an international businessman means the ranch's troubles are over as he pledges to settle all debts his father has incurred. But when Armando falls for Sonia, and Raúl's business dealings turn out to be less than legitimate, all hell breaks loose as they find themselves in a war with Mexico's most feared drug lord, the mighty Onza (Gael García Bernal).
When a suitcase is thrown out of a car that is involved in a car chase and lands on the car of Sam Phelan (Chris Hemsworth), he initially curses his luck. But then he finds the suitcase is loaded with money. After bringing the suitcase to his home, he convinces his wife Leslie (Victoria Profeta) that they should use the money.  Meanwhile Pyke Kubic (Sean Bean) visits his twin brother Reese (also Bean) in jail, who tells him that he threw a suitcase with about half a million dollars from his car when he was being chased by the police. Pyke decides to go and find the money.  After Pyke finds the Phelans, he asks for the money back. They return whatever money they have left after they bought a new car, furniture and other minor expenses. Pyke forces the Phelans to rob stores, in order to get him the amount of money the Phelans spent, which they do, reluctantly at first but later with more of a taste for it. After robbing over ten stores in the course of a few days, they are still short on the money, and Sam proposes to rob a bank. There he changes the gun without bullets which Pyke gave him with that of the guards, and Leslie fatally shoots Pyke in a struggle. Pyke's car and his corpse are sent to a junkyard, where a worker is bribed into destroying the car and the body.  The Phelans again keep the money, but return all they stole, adding damages for people who got hurt in the course of the robberies. Unbeknownst to them, Reese, who originally threw the cash out of his car, has been released from prison.
Elvis Martini, an Albanian-American landlord in Detroit, commits arson in an insurance scam.  Unknown to him, his wife returned home early and dies in the fire, leaving him to parent their daughter alone.  Two years later, a judge gives him a brief extension to repay his debts to the bank.  At the same time, he owes money to a loan shark.  As increasing pressure is put on Martini to pay his debts, he attempts to collect money owed him from his tenants, many of whom are unable to pay.  These include fellow Albanian Leka and Leka's fiancee, Blerta, with whom Martini is having an affair.  Frustrated, Martini pressures Kush, a tenant who grows marijuana, to agree to new terms, including a cut of Kush's profits and increased rent.  Kush reluctantly agrees but warns that their friendship has now become strained.  When she refuses to pay her back rent, he threatens to evict Rolexa, a prostitute.  Using security cameras hidden in the apartments, Martini spies on his tenants.  He sees Rolexa stash something in her apartment, and, while she is out, hires his friend Agroni to change her lock.  In her apartment, Martini finds enough money to put his daughter back in a private Catholic school and make payments to both the bank and the loan shark.  After briefly taking care of Rolexa's unsupervised son, Martini evicts her, dismissing her threats.  Although his situation looks to improve, Martini is interrupted during sex with Blerta by thugs who knock him unconscious and kidnap his daughter.  Dino, a mob boss, tells Martini that he has until the next night to return the money Rolexa stole from him plus more in penalties.  Martini tracks down Rolexa, attempting to reason with her, but finds her dead.  Martini hurriedly sets up a rent scam where he takes a cash-only security deposit from many people for the same apartment.  Still short thousands of dollars, he sells his car to Agroni, who owns a garage, and pawns most of his possessions.  After Kush refuses to help, Martini sneaks into Kush's apartment, knocks him unconscious, and steals his drug money.  Martini splits the money into two bags and meets Dino's thugs.  After they stuff him in a car trunk, Martini calls Agroni and tells him to get help from Pete Cantor, a local cop.  At Dino's warehouse, Martini offers one bag and says he will reveal the location of the second once he has his daughter.  Dino instead tortures Martini, who quickly reveals the location of the second bag.  As Dino threatens to rape and kill Martini in front of his daughter, Cantor, Leka, and several Albanians arrive, killing Dino's thugs.  Martini kills Dino with a hidden pocket knife and reunites with his daughter, saying that he knows he does not deserve her.
The film opens with a young boy wearing a dress while playing with a doll. He's discovered by his mother, who angrily destroys both the dress and the doll in front of him, bringing the boy to tears. This so traumatizes the boy that he castrates himself.  Cassadaga follows Lily (Kelen Coleman), a deaf woman who has traveled to Cassadaga, Florida in order to teach and grieve for her dead sister Michele (Sarah Sculco). She's also attending Cassadaga University on a scholarship provided by Claire (Louise Fletcher), who also allows her to live on her property with herself and her grandson Thomas (Lucas Beck). While staying in the town she begins dating Mike (Kevin Alejandro), the divorced father of one of her students Haley (Rachel Durose). Lily ends up visiting a psychic (Avis-Marie Barnes) after one of Mike's friends suggests it, during which time she makes a brief connection with her sister's spirit but also receives a warning about a female spirit that has attached itself to her. Soon after Lily experiences a series of terrifying visions. Meanwhile, the young boy, now an adult, is shown to be a grisly murderer that turns his corpses into marionettes.  Lily then ends up meeting Christian (Rus Blackwell), while he's inspecting a greenhouse he built for Claire, during which time he informs her that Jennifer (Amy LoCicero), the last person who won Claire's scholarship, ended up going missing. The police suspected that Thomas had killed her, but were unable to find enough evidence to arrest him. Correctly suspecting that Jennifer is haunting her, Lily convinces Mike to help her search for clues. Together they discover evidence that shows that Thomas was stalking Jennifer prior to her disappearance and also learn that Lily is unable to leave town until she puts Jennifer's spirit to rest.  Mike ends up leaving Lily because his ex-wife is using Lily's strange behaviors (due to the haunting) as a way to gain full custody of Haley. This saddens and infuriates Lily, who knocks over paintings she'd been making of her visions. Through this action she realizes that her visions have been of Claire's greenhouse. She investigates the building and finds both drugs and Jennifer's corpse. Lily is attacked by Thomas, who is promptly arrested by police arriving on the scene. While he is arrested for both the drugs and Jennifer's murder, the police discover that Thomas is not the killer. One officer, Officer Hall (Lucius Baston), goes to interview Christian, who he quickly deduces is the true murderer.  Christian murders the officer and abducts Lily, who he plans on turning into his next marionette. Lily initially manages to escape her captor and flee using a car, but is distracted and causes a car crash. As Christian approaches Lily, Jennifer appears in front of Christian, giving Lily the opportunity to attack him with a pair of scissors he dropped. This causes her to see a vision of her sister, signifying that she has come to terms with Michele's death.
Andorran prostitute and single mother Catalina "Cat" Rona is hired to participate in an orgy in Montenegro along with other escorts,  for powerful men including former U.S. Senator William Krebb. When the senator kills one of the women, security is ordered to murder the others present to avoid witnesses. However, Cat escapes with security footage of what happened contained on an encrypted hard disk drive. An official manhunt for Cat ensues, having been framed with false charges, and the cruel assassin Helen Bingham is hired to retrieve the HDD and kill Cat. Meanwhile, Americans Julian Simms and Anthony Hester decide to open a detective agency to raise money. When they read in the newspaper that Cat is wanted by the police, they decide to seek her out, expecting to receive a reward. However, they cross the path of Helen and they end up helping protect Cat from the killer. When Helen is betrayed by those who hired her, she decides to help Anthony, Julian, and Cat retrieve the HDD and their freedom.
Two assassin sisters Tatiana (Winter Ave Zoli) and Mina (Maria Rogers), disguised as Russian sex workers, arrive in New Orleans working under Cordray (Dan Bilzerian) in a strip club. The pair are hired by U.S. military soldiers for a "sex party" where they infiltrate the base and attempt to steal military secrets by storing it in a USB drive. After a massacre, Mina is killed and Tatiana escapes leaving Wilson (Thomas Tah Hyde III), one of the soldiers wounded. Back in New York City two private investigators, Anthony (Scott Mechlowicz) and Julian (Alphonso McAuley), attempt to start a restaurant before being selected to participate in a cooking contest in New Orleans.  Julian's family resides in New Orleans where the pair find residence until the contest. Wilson, who is Julian's cousin, returns home with memory loss. The pair decide to investigate and uncovers a military secret involving the creation of supersoldiers. The duo follow their lead to Cordray's strip club and interrogated him. They discover the morgue housing Mina's body. After a close encounter with Tatiana who returns for the USB drive, the pair return to their New Orleans home. Tatiana contacts her handler, Dragnovic (Lawrence P. Beron), only to find the information in the USB incomplete. She returns to Cordray's club and kills him for his betrayal.  While being hunted by assassins, Julian discovers his childhood friend Simone (Brittany S. Hall) has a professor with knowledge regarding the conspiracy. They are tipped off to the location of the Wollcroft (Vanessa Branch), Dragnovic's partner. Anthony, Julian and Simone arrive at the mansion where Wollcroft is located and Anthony confides to Tatiana his knowledge of her past sparking a connection between the two. Wollcroft makes a separate deal with the Chinese government involving powered exoskeletons betraying Dragnovic and killing him. Wollcroft now in a powered exoskeleton fights Tatiana who attempts to avenge the death of Dragnovic. Despite the suit's enhancement, Wollcroft is outmatched and killed by Tatiana.  Anthony and Julian win the cooking contest and returns to New York City. Tatiana secretly enters Anthony's home one night and the two have sex.
Drug boss Mel sends his associates Tes, Dawn, and Kara to intercept a truck driver bringing rival drugs to a diner at night. The women wait for the driver at the diner, but when they fail to identify him, they draw guns on the diner's other occupants and demand if anyone knows who the driver is. Instead, a shootout ensues when Francine, the diner's owner, and Jesse, a patron, draw firearms of their own. Kara, Francine, Dawn, and Jesse are killed and Tes finds herself in a standoff with Billy, the diner's cook. As Tes and Billy point their weapons at each other, their situation becomes more complicated when Ronny, another associate of Mel's, arrives at the diner.  It is eventually revealed that no drugs were coming to the diner and the job was a set-up. Mel hired Billy, Jesse, and Francine, who all work for him, to kill Tes and her cohorts. Ronny, who is infatuated with Tes, says he came to the diner to rescue her and steal the money Mel supposedly gave Billy for this assignment, although Billy denies having it. Ronny orders Tes to shoot Billy, but she turns her gun on Ronny, and a second shootout occurs.  Mel comes to the diner and discovers Ronny is apparently the only survivor of the gunfight. After a brief conversation, Mel shoots Ronny in the face. Tes, however, turns out to still be alive and guns Mel down. She then intercepts a car carrying Mel's money and drives off with the cash.
Washed-up Hollywood actor Reagan Pierce arrives in Louisiana for the filming of a movie, 'Flashpoint'. He meets with the director at a hotel lobby, despite being interrupted by fans for photos; he is strangely wary of the director. Later, while at a gym, he is stared at in an unsettling way by strangers. Feeling nervous, he expresses a desire to quit the film, but relents after his boss pressures him.  The next morning, a van arrives as Reagan leaves his hotel. He gets in, assuming it’s his driver with other cast and crew. Reagan forgets which number to call to check on the rehearsal, so he asks the passengers. Junior, the front passenger, offers to dial the number for him, so Reagan hands him his cell phone; he does not give it back, ignoring Reagan. The van stops in-front of a rural shack. The driver, Mike, pulls Reagan out of the van and immediately attacks him, beating him until he blacks-out.   Reagan wakes up inside, chained to the wall. The men dumped his belongings. Reagan, still believing he has some Hollywood notoriety, tries to offer Mike $1M as a ransom. Mike says money isn’t the point. As he slowly slices Reagan's face with a knife, he says his wife is Dian—who actually worked in wardrobe on one of his movies—to which Reagan says he doesn't know of her. Mike threatens to “maim” him with bolt cutters if he doesn’t come-clean, but Junior reminds him that they wanted Reagan alive for a while; Mike then breaks Reagan's hand before knocking him out again.  Reagan awakens with his hand bandaged. Junior, upset, says they thought he was dead. He gives Reagan an oxycontin for pain. Mike returns and tries to get Reagan to remember Diana, which he says he doesn't, and that he would never sleep with another man's wife. Mike asks for his phone PIN and views supposed texts from Diana. Junior also finds nudes of Reagan's actress ex-girlfriend on his phone, plus a nude of Reagan. Mike gets into Reagan's laptop with the PIN.  The next morning, Mike says that he sent the nudes to the media, and announces it is “time to feed the gators”. He goes into a room with a hole in the floor and defecates into the swamp water below. He posts an anti-semitic message via Reagan's Twitter. Mike says that he wants to destroy Reagan's reputation before killing him, and tells Reagan to re-record his phone voicemail message. Reagan reads it and tells him, "It's weak, no one talks that way". He records a ranting, anti-Semitic message asking everyone not to call him. The media report that he is going crazy.  Mike thanks him for the message and says he was a disgraced cop, fired for domestic abuse. He asks Reagan again how he met up with his wife. Reagan says he drove her home from work once and listened to her vent about Mike’s abuse, before they had sex. He tells Mike that she said her husband could never give her an orgasm. Mike proceeds to tase Reagan. Junior arrives, and Mike leaves. Junior finds Reagan bloodied, with a tooth missing. Junior puts the tooth into his pocket.  Reagan wakes up to an alligator resting by his face. Junior, on top of the gator, says he saved Reagan's life after the gator entered the shack. Junior shoots and skins the gator, and reports to Mike that Reagan's still alive. Reagan asks to piss. Junior unhooks him from the wall, leaving his hands tied, and takes him to the floor in the hole. Reagan considers jumping in, but doesn't. He suggests to Junior that Mike might turn on Junior and kill him, as he is the only witness.  The next day, Junior grills alligator meat and takes Reagan outside, chained, for some sun. He does some chin-ups while looking at Reagan, then masturbates in the shack. Mike says he is at work, establishing his alibi, and should return around 1:30 am. Junior asks about his own alibi. Mike says he doesn't need one. Mike visits Diana, now his ex-wife, and claims he is not a violent man anymore. She says she will think about letting him see the kids.   Junior tells Reagan that he loves his movies and that Reagan should take care of himself to look younger. Reagan compliments Junior, who is flattered. In the news, the media questions Reagan's tweet and broadcasts surveillance video of him getting into Mike’s van. The voicemail message he recorded is actually a verbatim quote from a movie in which he played a kidnapped soldier. The police begin to look for him.  Junior gives Reagan alligator stew and compliments him. Reagan flirts back. While Junior isn't looking, Reagan moves part of his chain under his leg. Junior asks if he has experience with a dude. Reagan says if he is drunk enough, he is down for anything. Junior gives him whiskey and starts kissing his neck. Reagan freaks out. Junior is upset, but says it is all right because he 'roofied' (drugged) the gator stew and just has to wait. Hearing this, Reagan pretends to pass-out. Junior is about to rape him when the phone rings. Reagan quickly head-butts Junior and strangles him with the chain before ultimately passing-out.  Mike sees that the cops are looking for him. He panics and drives over to Junior's mom’s home, looking for him. Reagan wakes up to an alligator eating and carrying away Junior. Reagan suddenly breaks free and escapes. He finds a random car, with keys, but it won’t start. With ongoing rain, Mike arrives by boat, as the roads have flooded. He sees Junior's body at the edge of the water, and searches the shack before seeing Reagan. Reagan incapacitates him with a spear gun, then beats him to death.  Later, in an interview, Reagan says that after the kidnappers died, he had to wait until morning for rescue, as there were rogue alligators. Reagan returns home and receives a call from his manager, who says that his interview received amazing views and that everybody wants him in their movies.   That night, Reagan looks at his emails and sees one from Junior, sent prior to his death. In it, Junior expresses his feelings for Reagan and apologizes for the way they met, reminding him that there was some good in it; attached is a video Junior took, showing Reagan restrained and Junior dancing, with the dead alligator skin on his back. Junior and Reagan are both laughing in the video.
Artist Ashley Miller and housewife Veronica Salt are two unhappy women. Ashley is struggling to sell her artwork, straining her relationship with her girlfriend Lisa. Veronica, an alcoholic, treated with disdain by her husband Stanley, mocks her son Kip’s drawing talent. Both women watch news reports on tension between the United States and the Middle East.  Stanley throws a party for his business partner. Lisa, the caterer, forces Ashley to help. Veronica comes for a drink and the two women recognize each other from college. Trying to make small talk, they descend into verbal barbs. Veronica is told to leave by her husband, and she runs into Ashley in the stairwell. They first sling insults, then fists. Ashley gets the upper hand, punching Veronica in the face. When Veronica tries to stand, she falls down the stairs and slips into a coma.  Two years later, Veronica awakens with no memory of the fight. She learns that her husband shot himself, her son died fighting the war in the Middle East, and all of her money was spent to pay for her treatment. She moves in with her former housekeeper Donna and lands a job as a maid. Ashley is now a famous artist, the war causes her dark paintings to become popular. She and Lisa decide to start a family, so Ashley is impregnated, using a sperm donor. Their differing beliefs cause them to become estranged.  Veronica finds a magazine with Ashley on the cover, annoyed at her success. She clashes with Donna about the war and moves out and into a cheap hotel. Veronica finds a video left to her by Kip, revealing he left school to join the Army to make her proud, and then she breaks down in tears. Then she goes to Ashley's gallery opening and seeing a painting depicting her own bloodied face, remembers their fight. She begins destroying the paintings, and as Ashley tries to stop her, Veronica punches Ashley and runs off with the painting of her face. Ashley runs after her and they begin beating each other with tools. Veronica overpowers Ashley, hitting her over the head with a wrench. Veronica stumbles away, while cinder block falls on Ashley's head, and she falls into a coma.  Two years later Ashley awakens and discovers that she lost her baby during the coma, Lisa has left her, and she is broke after her paintings were sold to pay her hospital bills. The United States has won the war on terror, and her dark art style has lost all popularity. Sally, Ashley’s assistant meanwhile, has become famous and rich as her comics about happy blue bunnies are popular. Ashley now has to work for her former assistant and tries to begin painting again, only to find she physically cannot because of her injuries.  Ashley finds a bus ticket to Pennsylvania, realizing it belongs to Veronica, who has been caring for her Aunt Charlie. Ashley suddenly appears, intending to "destroy" her. Veronica makes Ashley breakfast and Ashley accepts, and they discover they have some things in common. Veronica plays Ashley the recordings made by Kip, confessing that watching them makes her feel like her son is still with her, and has helped her overcome her anger towards Ashley. Ashley is moved, but then accidentally spills her water onto the camera. Veronica freaks out, revealing she never backed up the files. They begin fighting, going out into the woods. They end up sitting on the ground punching each other over and over again as they both break down sobbing. Aunt Charlie watches them fight from the window. The video camera suddenly reboots, revealing it was not broken after all.
Dogs and cats are secretly highly intelligent, capable of speech, and maintain spy agencies to protect the world. In Germany, a bloodhound named Rex discovers a Cocker Spaniel puppy stealing secret codes. The thief reveals herself to be Kitty Galore, a hairless Sphynx cat, in disguise. After she escapes, Rex alerts the agents that he has spotted her. At a San Francisco used car dealership, the mascot Crazy Carlito (dressed like Uncle Sam) plans to bomb the building. Police officer Shane Larson and his dog Diggs arrive on the scene. Diggs recklessly retrieves the detonator from Carlito but bites it in the process, blowing up the building. Butch and Lou, now a fully grown Beagle and the head of D.O.G. HQ, watch the incident. Lou wants to recruit Diggs as an agent, and Butch reluctantly agrees.  Diggs is locked in the police kennels to prevent further accidents. Butch brings him to D.O.G. HQ. After tracking down a pigeon named Seamus with valuable information, Diggs and Butch meet a M.E.O.W.S. (Mousers Enforcing Our World's Safety) agent named Catherine, who is also in pursuit of Seamus. Catherine reveals that Kitty Galore is a former M.E.O.W.S. agent named Ivana Clawyu who fell into a vat of hair removal cream in a cosmetics factory when a guard dog chased her while on a mission. Humiliated by her fellow agents, Kitty left M.E.O.W.S. and, thrown out by her former family due to her appearance, vowed revenge on cats, dogs and humans.  Lou forms an alliance with Tab Lazenby, head of M.E.O.W.S, to take down Kitty Galore. At a cat lady's home, the team discover that Calico, Mr. Tinkles' former aid, has been sending stolen technology to Kitty via pigeons. Diggs attacks Calico, who tries to drown the team in cat litter. They escape and interrogate Calico, who claims not to know Kitty's whereabouts but does know where his former boss is.  The team travels to Alcatraz, where Mr. Tinkles, mentally ill from his time with Mr. Mason's maid and her sisters, is confined. While he refuses to directly help them, he provides one clue: "A cat's eye reveals everything". When Kitty Galore learns that the cats and dogs have joined forces, she hires mercenaries Angus and Duncan MacDougall to kill Seamus on the boat returning from Alcatraz. Diggs subdues Angus and accidentally throws him overboard. Fed up with Diggs' mishaps completely ruining the mission, Butch dismisses him from the team and leaves with Seamus to salvage clues.  Catherine takes Diggs to her home where he meets her nieces who tickle his tummy. He's surprised they do not hate him as a dog, Catherine says they have not learned to hate dogs yet. He reveals that past experiences have made him unable to trust anyone, leading to difficulty following orders and spending most of his life in kennels. Catherine assures him if he continues to think that way, no one will be able to help him. Diggs realizes his error, and follows Catherine to M.E.O.W.S. HQ, where they learn with help from the clue Mr. Tinkles gave them that Kitty is hiding at a fairground with her new owner, amateur magician Chuck the Magnificent.  At the fair, Diggs and Catherine are captured by Kitty and her assistant, Paws. Kitty reveals her plot to transmit the "Call of the Wild", a frequency only dogs can hear that will make them hostile to humans. Kitty believes humans will abandon these unwanted dogs in kennels. Kitty tries to use the fair's flying swings ride as a satellite dish to broadcast the signal to an orbiting satellite. Diggs and Catherine escape after Diggs confess his feelings to Catherine and are joined by Butch and Seamus. Seamus presses a red button, believing it will shut down the ride, but he instead activates Kitty's signal. Dogs around the world begin to react. Paws battles them, revealing he is a robot; Diggs tricks him into biting the device's wires, destroying the satellite. Kitty's pet mouse Scrumptious, fed up with Kitty's abuse, launches the cat, leaving her covered in cotton candy and landing in Chuck's hat. With the mission a success, Diggs goes to live with Shane. Upon returning to H.Q., Diggs learns Mr. Tinkles has escaped prison with Calico.  In a post-credits scene, Tinkles is in paradise complaining about lacking deworming cream for his itching rear until Calico reminds him that he is still connected.
Victoria, a young white cat, is abandoned by her owner in the streets of London in the middle of the night. The alley cats, witnessing this introduce themselves to her as the "Jellicles". Mr. Mistoffelees, Munkustrap, Cassandra and Demeter take Victoria under their wing and show her the world of the Jellicles as they prepare for the Jellicle Ball, an annual ceremony where cats must compete to be chosen to go to the Heaviside Layer and be granted a new life.  Most of the Jellicle Ball competitors are introduced and sing about themselves: Jennyanydots, a domestic tabby who sleeps during the day and by night boosts the productivity of mice and roaches; the Rum Tum Tugger, an extravagant yet indecisive cat who riles up the others; Bustopher Jones, a bourgeois cat who boasts about his weight and shares food scraps from the garbage; Skimbleshanks, a tidy ginger cat who tap dances and supervises the operation of a train, and Gus, an aged theatrical cat who has played some of the biggest roles in history.  Victoria also happens to meet the mischievous twins, Mungojerrie and Rumpleteazer, who enjoy causing trouble and messing with things in the house of their human family. They convince Victoria to join in the fun, but leave her tangled up in some necklaces when the family dog is alerted to their presence. Luckily, Mr. Mistoffelees comes to rescue Victoria, distracting the dog and escaping with her. They return to the group just in time for the arrival of the tribe's wise and beloved matriarch, Old Deuteronomy. The Jellicle Ball commences inside the abandoned Egyptian Theatre. Victoria dances a ballet solo in the moonlight but is distracted by Cassandra harassing Grizabella, a former glamour cat who was banished from the tribe for, among other things, her past allegiance with Macavity, a notorious criminal capable of teleportation. Victoria relates to Grizabella's feelings of abandonment. As Grizabella slinks away into the streets, Old Deuteronomy witnesses their quiet camaraderie and assures Victoria that she can become a Jellicle herself in time.  A seductive femme fatale named Bombalurina interrupts the ball, distracting the Jellicles present with a song and dance number praising Macavity and simultaneously incapacitating them with catnip. When Macavity arrives and demands to be made the Jellicle Choice, Old Deuteronomy deems him unworthy and is subsequently kidnapped and placed with most of the other contestants that he has kidnapped. As the Jellicles recuperate, distraught over their leader's disappearance, Victoria suggests that Mr. Mistoffelees use his powers to conjure Old Deuteronomy back. He tries several times, eventually making Old Deuteronomy reappear. The cats rejoice and praise Mr. Mistoffelees, and he and Victoria dance together. Meanwhile, a thwarted Macavity and Bombalurina teleport away from his victims, who begin to free themselves via Jennyanydots' costume change. Macavity leaves his lackey, Growltiger, to walk the plank defenseless against the emancipated cats.  Grizabella returns to the Egyptian Theatre. Victoria vouches for her and urges her to sing her true feelings. Grizabella sings a passionate ballad about her mistakes, her former glory, and her beauty, sentiments that touch the hearts of the Jellicles. Old Deuteronomy names Grizabella the Jellicle Choice and sends her off to the Heaviside Layer in a chandelier (repaired by Mr. Mistoffelees' magic to float like a hot air balloon). Macavity, in one last attempt to reach the Heaviside Layer, leaps onto a rope from the chandelier, but falls onto Nelson's Column. The Jellicles, reunited with their kidnapped brethren, and perched on a lion statue, watch Grizabella ascend as the morning sun appears above the horizon. After the congregation disperses, Old Deuteronomy welcomes Victoria to the tribe.
Two detectives caught in a crossfire between dirty cops and gangland members.
Residents of a small town must survive a zombie attack stemming from the Three Mile Island accident.
Tim Lippe, a naive and idealistic insurance agent from a small town in Wisconsin, attempts to give his former middle school teacher, Mrs. Vanderhei, a promise ring after they have casual sex. She rejects him, citing her recent divorce. A successful agent, Tim is sent to represent his company, Brownstar Insurance, at a regional conference in Cedar Rapids, Iowa, as a replacement for his co-worker, Roger Lemke, who died in an auto-erotic asphyxiation accident. Tim idolized Roger, believing that his death was merely an unfortunate accident, and that he embodied Christian values, the key criterion used to judge the winner of the coveted "Two Diamonds" award, which Roger won three years in a row.  Tim's boss, Bill, pressures him to win again to keep the company afloat. At the conference, Lippe meets fellow insurance agents Ronald Wilkes, Dean Ziegler, and Joan Ostrowski-Fox. He also meets Bree, a prostitute who works the parking lot in front of the hotel. She affectionately calls him "Butterscotch" after he offers her candy. Initially wary of the conference-goers, he spends more time with Ron, Dean, and Joan, and develops genuine friendships, including a crush on Joan. All the insurance agents participate in a scavenger hunt. Tim and Joan win, they bond over dinner, get intoxicated and join Dean in the hotel swimming pool. Tim and Joan begin kissing and are caught by Orin Helgesson, president of ASMI. Tim and Joan flee to her hotel room and have sex.  The next morning, Tim is guilt-ridden and calls Vanderhei to confess, before desperately asking her to marry him. After rejecting him, she suggests to Tim that he take the opportunity to start a new life. Tim returns to Joan, who attempts to comfort him by telling him what Lemke was really like: a sexual deviant who bribed Helgesson for his awards. Tim refuses to believe this and leaves Joan's room.  He tells Dean about Lemke's alleged bribery and Dean swears secrecy. However, Dean encourages Tim to stand up to Helgesson during his assessment. Under pressure, Tim ends up bribing Helgesson for the award, leaving him ashamed. Distraught, Tim comes across Bree and accompanies her to a party, where he gets high on methamphetamine and inadvertently starts a fight. Ron, Joan, and Dean rescue them.  At the hotel, Bill appears at Tim's door to inform him that with the successful acquisition of another Two Diamond award, he has sold the company which will result in the branch's closure. Ron, Joan, and Dean begin calling Tim's clients in an attempt to ensure their loyalty. On the final day of the conference, Bill formally announces the sale but Tim takes over the podium and reveals that his company has unethically acquired the award every year by bribing Helgesson and confesses to doing so himself. Helgesson flees the room and a furious Bill confronts Tim, his revelations having cost Bill the sale of his company. Tim responds by announcing his intention to leave the company and start another with his clients from Brownstar, 17 of which have agreed to stay with him. Bill storms off, dumbfounded.  As the four friends say their goodbyes and prepare to see each other next year, Joan and Tim are shown happy as friends, and Dean invites Ron and Tim to stay at a wealthy cousin's cabin in Canada for the summer; both of them surprise Dean by gleefully accepting. The three of them and Joan go on to start their own company.
Celeste and Jesse start dating in high school and eventually marry young. Their relationship is depicted via photo montage, ending with Celeste walking away from Jesse during a party.  Celeste and Jesse get along well. She is a successful trend analyzer and runs her own media company with a business partner, Scott. Celeste's media company has recently signed Riley Banks, a teenage pop star whom Celeste does not respect and had previously insulted during a television interview. Jesse is an unemployed artist in no hurry to find a job.  Celeste decides to separate but promises to remain friends. Jesse agrees, but he is still in love with Celeste and hopes to reconcile. They manage to share a close relationship after their separation. Their connection during the divorce becomes increasingly concerning to their mutual friends, Beth and Tucker. Beth tries to reason with Celeste and Jesse about the odd nature of their arrangement, but Celeste rationalizes that it is better for the two to maintain their friendship. Another mutual friend, Skillz, agrees with Beth and Tucker and maintains that it is time for the two to move on with their lives.  Celeste is initially content with her relationship status until she spends the night with Jesse. Realizing reconciliation is not possible, Jesse decides to leave while ignoring Celeste's apologies. Jesse is able to move on and begins dating Veronica, who later becomes pregnant. Celeste is unhappy about Veronica’s pregnancy and expresses concern to Beth, who wonders if she is having second thoughts with regard to the divorce. To distract herself, Celeste takes up exercising and begins dating other people. While having dinner with her date Max, Celeste runs into Jesse. The encounter becomes awkward for Celeste, but Max and Jesse get along well. Having gone through a divorce before, Max suggests that Celeste is not ready to date and that she should take her time.  Celeste meets Paul in yoga class and responds angrily after he hits on her. After the two meet again at a party, she warms up to Paul and they begin seeing each other. In the meantime, Jesse begins to mature and takes on more responsibility with regard to Veronica and her pregnancy. Celeste ultimately realizes her decision to divorce Jesse was impulsive and selfish and hopes to reunite with him. When she expresses her feelings to Jesse, they fight and leave each other on poor terms.  Celeste later gets a call from her client, Riley, asking her to come over. Celeste initially believes she is upset because of a logo design that sparked unintentional controversy with her tween fanbase. After arriving at Riley's house, she finds her in tears. She admits to Celeste that she has been seeing a man whom she recently discovered cheating on her. They form an unexpected bond over their shared heartbreak and become friends. At a nightclub with Riley, Celeste realizes the questionable logo she designed appeals greatly to Riley's gay fanbase. Celeste recognizes the potential to leverage the logo to make her the next Lady Gaga.  At Beth and Tucker's wedding, Celeste makes an emotional toast, urging the newlyweds to appreciate each other, be patient, and try hard, as she should have done in her own marriage. This speech touches Jesse and he thanks Celeste.  On a karaoke date, Celeste informs Paul of her need to take some time to recover from her divorce, which he understands. Celeste and Jesse finally sign their divorce papers and are able to laugh at each other's inside jokes. Their lawyers look on, confused by this response. Celeste wishes Jesse well and asks if he loves Veronica, to which he responds that he does. Celeste encourages him to keep fighting for his marriage to Veronica and they share one final kiss.
Clay Riddell is a disillusioned artist, who a year earlier abandoned his wife Sharon and son Johnny in order to fulfill his dream of publishing a graphic novel. At Boston International Airport, Clay tries to board a flight, hoping to reconcile with his family. His phone battery dies, so he calls Sharon using a payphone. An electronic signal (later dubbed "the pulse") is broadcast across mobile networks worldwide, turning cell phone users into rabid killers. Escaping the chaos in the terminal, Clay meets some survivors in a subway car. The train's conductor, Tom McCourt, suggests abandoning the train and traveling through the tunnels. Clay agrees and, joined by a third man, attempts to escape the airport.  Near the tunnel's exit, their companion is slaughtered by an infected man, later dubbed a "phoner". Clay leads Tom to his apartment. That night, they are joined by Alice Maxwell, a teenage neighbor who killed her mother in self-defense. All three decide to escape Boston. Heading north through New England to find Sharon and Johnny, the three acquire weapons from a house and are chased by phoners to a nearby river. They hide from the infected, who start emitting signals from their mouths before walking off as a group.  After sundown, the three arrive at a private school and meet two survivors: headmaster Charles Ardai and student Jordan. Charles postulates that the phoners have developed a hive mind and are telepathic. He shows them thousands of phoners lying inert in the school's athletic field. Charles has a plan to use the stadium's gas pumps and a sprayer truck to burn the phoners, and the others agree to help. Clay and Tom drive over the phoners, spraying them with gasoline, which Charles sets ablaze. The fire spreads, causing an explosion that kills Charles.  The remaining group, now including Jordan, take shelter at an abandoned drive-in theater. After going to sleep, they all dream of a raggedy-looking man in a red hoodie, a character from Clay's book. Later, they encounter survivors in a roadside bar. There, they learn about Kashwak, a state park in Maine where there is said to be no cell service. After agreeing to travel there, they spend the night in the bar. Sally, one of the survivors, is awoken and infected by a group outside. She can now transmit the pulse through her mouth. The group attacks Tom and Jordan. After saving Tom from a phoner, Alice is bludgeoned in the head by Sally, whom Tom kills. The group takes Alice outside, where she succumbs to her head wound.  Later, the group encounter a sleepless Ray Huizenga and his friend Denise, who say that Kashwak is a trap set by the Raggedy Man. Ray becomes increasingly agitated, muttering that the Raggedy Man is planting thoughts in his head. He gives Clay his phone and tells him to call the number on it when they reach the end of the road. Ray then kills himself with a bomb. In Ray's truck, the group discovers a huge quantity of C-4 explosives. When they make it to Sharon's house, Clay learns that Johnny has headed for Kashwak and Sharon has turned into a phoner. After killing her, Clay drives alone to Kashwak, intent on locating Johnny, while the others continue north, leaving marks as a trail for Clay.  At Kashawk, Clay finds thousands of phoners walking in a circle around a communications tower. Clay sees the Raggedy Man at the center of the circle, runs him over and repeatedly shoots him. Then Clay hears his son calling to him from amongst the flock and escapes from the circle. An infected Johnny appears before him, and the Raggedy Man returns to life. Clay hugs his son as he calls the number on Ray's phone, detonating the explosives in the truck, destroying the tower and the phoners. Clay and his son find the marks and follow the trail toward Clay's friends. However, the explosion is revealed to be an illusion: Clay has been infected and now walks in the circle around the tower.
In 1996, star athlete Calvin "The Golden Jet" Joyner was honored at his high school. Halfway through his speech, a group of bullies led by Trevor Olson throws the morbidly obese nerd Robbie Weirdicht (who was taking a shower and dancing happily to a radio song in the locker room) naked into the gymnasium and the middle of the school assembly. Everyone starts laughing except for Joyner and his girlfriend, Maggie Johnson, who are the only ones sympathetic towards Weirdicht; the former even going as far as to quickly cover him with his varsity jacket in a moment of compassion. He thanks Joyner and flees in embarrassment.  20 years later, Joyner is married to Maggie and works as a forensic accountant, but is dissatisfied with his career. She suggests they see a therapist to salvage their deteriorating marriage. At work, Joyner receives a friend request on Facebook from a "Bob Stone", who invites him to meet at a bar. Stone reveals himself to be Weirdicht. Joyner is shocked to see that he has transformed from a morbidly obese nerd into a muscular, fit, confident man with advanced hand-to-hand combat skills.  Stone asks Joyner to review some online transactions, and he discovers a multimillion-dollar auction with bidders from radical countries, with the final bids set to conclude the following day. Stone avoids Joyner's questions and sleeps on his couch. The next morning, a team of CIA agents led by Pamela Harris arrives at Joyner's in search of Stone, who already vanished. Harris tells Joyner he is a dangerous rogue agent who murdered his former partner, Phil Stanton.  Harris tells Joyner that Stone intends to sell satellite codes to the highest bidder. Soon after Stone abducts him, explaining that he is trying to stop the criminal the Black Badger from selling the codes but needs Joyner's skills to locate the meeting place. After an attack by a bounty hunter, Joyner flees and calls Maggie, telling her to meet him at the marriage counselor's office. Harris intercepts him, telling him that Stone is the Black Badger. She warns him to not tell Maggie and gives him a device to alert them to Stone's location.  Joyner meets Maggie for their marriage counseling session, where Stone is posing as the counselor. Stone convinces Joyner to help him, so he sets up a meeting with Olson, who can track the offshore account for the auction to get the deal's location. Olson apologizes for bullying Stone, but fabricates his apology before once again antagonizing him. Harris calls Joyner and threatens to arrest Maggie if he fails to help them detain Stone. Joyner reluctantly betrays him, and the CIA arrests him.  As Harris tortures Stone to get his confession, Joyner helps him escape. Joyner discovers the deal is happening in a Boston underground parking garage and helps Stone steal a plane. Stone enters alone, while Joyner watches Harris entering a short while later. Assuming that she is the Black Badger, he runs after her, only to find Stone meeting with the buyer and claiming to be the Black Badger. Stone shoots Joyner, grazing his neck, to keep him safe. Stanton arrives, having faked his death, and reveals himself to be the Black Badger.  A fight breaks out, and Stanton reveals his plan to frame Stone for the crime. Stone kills him by ripping his throat out. Joyner and he make it to their 20th high school reunion. Upon arriving, Joyner reconciles with Maggie and promises to improve their marriage. The new prom king is announced to be Stone; Joyner reveals to Maggie that he hacked the school's voting system to make it happen. Olson shows up to bully Stone again, but he finally stands up for himself and punches him unconscious.  In Stone's acceptance speech he reveals he is Weirdicht, cites the importance of overcoming obstacles, and praises Joyner as his best friend. He then relives his most embarrassing incident on his terms by stripping. Stone then encounters his high school crush Darla McGuchian, whom he proceeds to share a kiss and dance with.   Sometime later, Maggie is now pregnant, and Joyner has joined Stone in the CIA. As a gift for his first day on the job, Stone returns Joyner's varsity jacket.
Sam Davis (Michael Angarano) convinces his former best friend to spend a weekend with him to rekindle their friendship at an elegant beachside estate owned by a famous documentary filmmaker (Lee Pace). It soon becomes clear that Sam is secretly infatuated with the filmmaker's fiancée, Zoe (Uma Thurman), and that his true intention is to thwart their impending nuptials. As Sam's plan begins to unravel, he is forced to realize how complicated love and friendship can be.
In Livingston, Montana, attorney Laura Wells has been dealing with a disgruntled client, Fuller, for eight months. Unemployed due to a workplace injury that rendered him disabled, he has taken to visiting Laura repeatedly at her office. As Fuller will not listen to her advice, she takes him to another lawyer. After assessing the case, the lawyer tells Fuller exactly what Laura had told him; that while Fuller's company was clearly at fault for his injuries, Fuller can no longer sue the company, because he previously had accepted their initial small settlement. On his way home from the meeting with the second lawyer, Fuller feuds with his wife, is kicked out of their car, and flags Laura down to ride back to Livingston with her. On the way, he tells Laura that he wants to shoot his former employers.  Late that same night, Laura is called by the police: Fuller has gone to his former place of employment and has taken a security guard hostage. After being prepped by the police, Laura agrees to enter the building and talk to Fuller. She enters, finds Fuller with his hostage, and at Fuller's directive, locates his employee file, which includes the case review used by the company to settle his disability claim. Fuller has Laura read the entire file, which details clearly how Fuller was cheated out of his rightful settlement. Fuller decides to let the guard go; he asks Laura to stall for him by going to the front and telling the police of his demands as if he has a gun pointed at her, while he slips out the back. Instead, Laura immediately tells the police where Fuller is and he is arrested.  Gina and Ryan Lewis are a married couple with a teenage daughter, building their own rural home from the ground up. Gina feels that Ryan constantly undermines her with their daughter. Ryan is also having an affair with Laura Wells. On their way home from the campsite of their new home, they decide to stop at the home of Albert, an elderly man they know, to try to persuade him to sell them a pile of sandstone blocks on his property. As they talk, Gina tries to persuade Albert to sell her the sandstone, but he seems unfocused and only interested in talking with Ryan. Eventually, Albert tentatively agrees to give the sandstone to Gina and Ryan. Gina, who has been secretly recording the conversation, signals that they should leave. In the car on their way home, Gina complains about Ryan's lack of support during the negotiation and they debate whether taking the sandstone is the right decision.  Sometime later, Gina and Ryan arrive and load up a truck full of the sandstone. She notices Albert watching from his window and waves at him but he does not wave back.  Jamie is a ranch hand living in isolation during the winter, tending to horses on a farm outside of Belfry. Heading into town one night, she sees cars turning into the school and follows them. She learns that she has stumbled onto a class on education law taught by a young lawyer, Beth Travis. Jamie goes out to eat with Beth after class.  Beth explains that she lives in Livingston, which is a four-hour drive away, so she must make the eight-hour round trip twice a week to make it back in time for her real job.  Despite having no interest in education law, Jamie returns to class week after week. One week she brings one of her horses to class, and she and Beth ride the horse to the diner. The following week, she is stunned to find that Beth has quit and a new teacher is brought in as a permanent replacement. She immediately leaves the class and drives straight to Livingston. Spending the night in her car, she spends the morning driving to law offices hoping to find Beth. On the way, she has flashbacks of the previous time she drove to the city. Locating her address, Jamie sees Beth in the parking lot, and tells her that she drove over knowing that if she didn't, she would never see her again. Beth fails to respond and Jamie leaves, dejected. On her way home, she falls asleep at the wheel and drives into an empty field.  Laura visits Fuller in prison. He says he understands how she acted and asks her to answer his letters just so as not to feel so lonely. She agrees. Gina has a barbecue with friends at her land and her husband appreciates her work. She looks at the sandstone and smiles. Jamie continues working at the ranch.
The film follows Cesar Chavez's efforts to organize 50,000 farm workers in California. Some of them were braceros—temporary workers from Mexico permitted to live and work in the United States in agriculture, and required to return to Mexico if they stopped working. Working conditions are very poor for the farmworkers, who also suffer from racism and brutality at the hands of the employers and local Californians.  To help the workers, Cesar Chavez (Michael Peña) forms a labor union known as the United Farm Workers (UFW). Chavez's efforts are opposed, sometimes violently, by the owners of the large industrial farms where the farmworkers work. The film touches on several major nonviolent campaigns by the UFW: the Delano grape strike, the Salad Bowl strike, and the 1975 Modesto march.
The film narrates the events of 1988, when Cesar Chavez began his "Fast for Life," a 36-day water-only hunger strike, to draw attention to the horrific effects of unfettered pesticide use on farm workers, their families, and their communities.
The film opens in a garage with an unconscious teenage girl having her head wrapped in duct tape and her legs chained to the back of two cars. A man and woman walk to their cars on their way to work. As the couple start their cars they exit the driveway. The woman in the car notices the victim, but before she can warn the man, he drives off.  Neil Conners (Cody Kasch) receives a chain letter from an anonymous person telling him that he is the first person who links the chain, and it instructs him to forward it to five people or else he will die. His sister Rachel (Cherilyn Wilson) forwards the letter, but to only four recipients. Neil then adds his sister to the list and sends it.  Rachel's best friend, Jessica "Jessie" Campbell (Nikki Reed), receives the letter and forwards it to five friends. Johnny Jones (Matt Cohen) also receives it but refuses to send it, believing it to be ridiculous. While he is getting a drink of water at the fountain in the gym, a black-hooded figure slams his head on the fountain, knocking two of his teeth out. Unconscious, he is chained by his arms to a gym set and his ankles are sliced open. The killer then uses the chains to slice his face open, killing him. Jessie becomes suspicious as more people start to die.  While taking a bath, Rachel becomes suspicious of a possible intruder inside the house. She investigates and is attacked by the killer who whips her with a chain several times as she runs through the house to escape. Re-entering the bathroom, she locks the door and looks for a weapon, pacing back and forth with a cistern lid, waiting for him to attack. She walks up to the door and places her face next to it, listening. Suddenly realizing the killer is on the other side doing exactly the same thing, she backs away. A few second later, the killer breaks through a side wall into the bathroom, hitting her on the top of her head with the lid, splitting it open.  Outside the house, Jessie is greeted by Detective Jim Crenshaw (Keith David), who tells her to forward the chain letter on to him. Jessie figures out they are being spied on using a virus embedded in the chain letter so she informs Neil and Michael (Michael J. Pagan); she tells them to get new e-mail addresses and phone numbers, as she believes this will stop the killings. Later on, as more people send Neil the message, he panics and decides to delete all of them in order to confront the killer. The killer, however, is on the roof of Neil's room, and sends a chain smashing through his ceiling. Neil dies when he is dragged up to the roof of his house by a chain with various sickles and a hook.  The next day, it is revealed that the teen girl chained to the cars in the beginning of the film is Jessie, who is killed because she sent the chain letter to Detective Crenshaw without sending it to four other people. Michael tries to save her but is too late; when her father pulls out of the driveway, Jessie is ripped apart.  As the film ends, Detective Crenshaw is shown chained to a table while the killer makes chains.
A beautiful actress struggles to connect with her disfigured co-star on the set of a European auteur's English-language debut.
Apple, a student at the prestigious Greene University, has a business editing other students' papers. Her main goal is to marry her rugby-playing, idiotic boyfriend Todd. However, the rugby team is disbanded because of the Title IX rule, and Todd transfers to another school. Apple decides to start a women's gymnastics team so that he can stay. She and her roommate Cali, an intense but very sweet girl, find six athletic girls at Greene. She also meets Chet, another rugby player and the TA for her economics class. The athletics director eventually approves the gymnastics team. With Cali as their coach, the team starts to learn gymnastics. Apple and Chet grow closer, and he kisses her.  The rugby team is allowed to compete again. Todd returns to campus, makes Apple fold his clothes and then dumps her. Heartbroken, she quits the gymnastics team and starts spending her time going on dates. Without her, the team disbands, and her friends, including Chet and Cali, stop talking to her. Then, the school's dean finds out about Apple's paper-editing business. Apple has a hearing where she is accused of violating Greene University's academic policy. During the hearing, she realizes what the team meant to her, and the case is dismissed. She apologizes to her friends, and the gymnastics team is re-formed for the last competition of the season. Each gymnast improves with practice, and at the meet, they do well and hit all of their routines. Apple ends the competition by scoring a perfect 10 on floor exercise. Chet meets her afterwards, and the two kiss.
The author travels back from Italy to America where he moved to at the age of 12 and lived until he was 18. These crucial years of his life spent in Los Angeles have forever shaped his persona, and created a strong identity crisis within him. He decides to deal with his past by embarking in a journey across the United States during the 40 days prior to America's most crucial and heartfelt elections: Obama vs McCain.  Change is an inside look at the political rallies, the concerts, the events, the controversies, the hopes and fears of a struggling country through the lens of a man looking to find himself and the country that raised him.
While a troubled man goes through a personal crisis, he meets up with his estranged friend in Thailand.
Darrel (Riggs) is a supremely intelligent African-American man who rises from the tough streets of Philadelphia to the world of high finance on Wall Street. He soon learns the white-collar world is filled with as much crime as the drug-filled hood he left behind.
In July 1969, U.S. Senator Ted Kennedy (D–MA) is asked in an interview how it feels to stand in the shadow of his dead brothers John and Bobby. Then he phones his cousin Joe Gargan and tells him to book hotel rooms on Martha's Vineyard for the Boiler Room Girls, who worked for Bobby's presidential campaign. He travels to Chappaquiddick Island, where he meets Gargan and Paul Markham for a sailboat race. After losing, Kennedy goes to a party at a cottage with five friends and six Boiler Room Girls.  Kennedy leaves the party with Mary Jo Kopechne. On the road, they encounter a police officer, who asks if they need help. Kennedy backs up and drives quickly away. He accidentally drives off the Dike Bridge, causing the car to flip over before it submerges into a pond. Kennedy climbs out of the vehicle, and calls out to Kopechne, but receives no response. He sits down and cries, before walking back to the cottage. He summons Gargan and Markham, and they drive quickly to the bridge. Gargan and Markham attempt multiple times to retrieve Kopechne from the overturned vehicle, but are unable to open any of the doors or windows. They insist Kennedy report the incident immediately, but instead, he gets in a rowing boat, and Gargan and Markham row him to Edgartown, where they go their separate ways.  Kennedy walks past the phone booth outside his hotel and up to his room and gets undressed. He takes a bath, gets dressed, and combs his hair. He goes down to the phone and calls his father Joseph P. Kennedy Sr. for advice. His partially-paralyzed father says one word: "alibi". Kennedy sits on the steps outside his room. He asks the night porter the time, which is 2.25 a.m. Kennedy claims he is having trouble sleeping, but he goes to sleep without contacting the police.  The next morning, the overturned vehicle is discovered by father-and-son fishermen, who call the police. Police Chief Arena and the fire department recover Kopechne's body from the car, which they find is registered to Kennedy.  Gargan and Markham realize that he has not reported the accident, and insist again that he must. Kennedy goes with Markham to the Edgartown Police Department and commandeers the Chief's office, waiting for his return.  After giving the Chief a statement written by Markham, Kennedy travels to the family compound in Hyannisport, believing he has contained the situation. He is shocked as his father tells him his actions have disgraced the family and is surprised by a damage control team led by Robert McNamara, convened to address the legal (potential charge of manslaughter) and political consequences. First, they make sure the body is not examined again, and that the official record that his licence has expired is changed by a Kennedy-friendly official. Then they craft a strategy to push the court hearing after the current news cycle, dominated by the landing of the first men on the Moon. Kennedy attends Kopechne's funeral wearing a neck brace to gain sympathy, but this ploy backfires in the press.  Kennedy suggests an appeal to the people of Massachusetts on national television, which his damage control team heartily endorses. They use the family's influence to resolve the court case without a trial, where anything he says publicly could be used against him. Kennedy receives the minimum sentence by pleading guilty to leaving the scene of an accident: two months' jail time, which the judge suspends based on Kennedy's character and good standing.  Gargan, who has become increasingly disgusted with Kennedy for not being honest about the facts of the case and attempting to play the victim, attempts to resign. Kennedy, having just been slapped by his father, tells Gargan he intends to resign from the Senate and asks him to draft a resignation speech. He tells Gargan not to tell anyone.  As Kennedy is ready to go on national television with the speech prepared by Ted Sorensen, designed to elicit public sympathy, Gargan gives Kennedy the resignation speech, telling him it is the right thing to do. But Kennedy throws it away, and Gargan is pressed to hold Kennedy's cue cards for Sorensen's speech. Although the public has mixed views, the majority interviewed say they would re-elect him.  The credits explain that Joseph Kennedy Sr. died soon after the incident; Gargan became estranged from the family; and Kennedy lost the 1980 Democratic Party presidential primaries but continued in the U.S. Senate for another forty years after the incident.
A skyrocketing crime rate leads the city of Johannesburg, South Africa to buy a squadron of scouts—state-of-the-art armor-plated attack robots—from weapons manufacturer Tetravaal. These autonomous androids were developed by British scientist Deon Wilson and largely supplant the overwhelmed human police force. A competing project within the company is the remote-controlled MOOSE, developed by Australian soldier-turned-engineer Vincent Moore. Deon is praised for Tetravaal's success, but Vincent grows envious when the police are unwilling to give his heavy weapons platform equal attention.  At home, Deon creates a prototype artificial intelligence that mimics a human mind to the point of feeling emotions and having opinions, but Tetravaal CEO Michelle Bradley refuses to let him test the A.I. on a police robot. Undeterred, Deon steals a recently damaged robot before it is destroyed and puts it in his van, along with the "guard key" needed to update the robot's software.  On his way home with the damaged police robot, he is kidnapped by gang members Ninja, Yolandi, and Amerika. When he mentions that Tetravaal doesn't have remote controls for the police robots, they order him to reprogram the robot instead. Deon installs the new software into the damaged robot, which then responds with childlike trepidation upon powering up. Deon and Yolandi calm the robot teaching it words and naming it "Chappie". Despite Deon wanting to stay with the robot, Ninja forces him out of their hideout.  Ninja's gang only has a few days to pay a debt of 20 million rand to Hippo. Yolandi sees Chappie as a child and wants to mother him, but Ninja grows impatient with his development due to both the impending deadline for the debt and Chappie's irreplaceable battery running out, giving him days to live. Ninja tries to train Chappie to be a gangster by leaving him in a dangerous neighborhood to fend for himself. After being wounded by thugs, he is followed by Vincent, who plans to deactivate all Tetravaal scouts except for MOOSE. Vincent successfully extracts the guard key for his own use, but the traumatized Chappie escapes and returns to the hideout. Yolandi scolds Ninja for this mistreatment, but he manages to earn Chappie's forgiveness by training him in martial arts and weapon handling. Ninja and Amerika trick Chappie into stealing cars for them, and lie about needing the money to replace his dying body.  At Tetravaal, Vincent uses the guard key to upload a virus, thus sabotaging and disabling all scouts including Chappie. Johannesburg's criminals immediately run rampant in the streets and Deon brings Chappie to the Tetravaal factory to fix him. After being restarted, Chappie notices a helmet used to control MOOSE. At the hideout, he re-engineers it to allow him to transfer his consciousness into a computer, so he can change bodies when his current one dies.  Ninja's gang uses Chappie to rob an armored car, an act which is caught on the news, prompting Tetravaal to pursue him. When Chappie learns that Ninja's plan to acquire the body is a lie, he prepares to kill Ninja for betrayal. However, Deon arrives to warn them that Michelle Bradley has ordered that Chappie be destroyed. At that moment, the MOOSE robot (controlled remotely by Vincent) is launched to assassinate Deon and Chappie at the hideout, at the same time that Hippo arrives to collect his debt. Amerika and Hippo are killed in the ensuing battle while Deon is mortally wounded. When Ninja is about to be killed, Yolandi sacrifices herself to save him, and Chappie destroys MOOSE by detonating a bomb.  Enraged by Yolandi's death, Chappie drives Deon to the factory, storms into an office, and fiercely beats Vincent close to death. He then transfers the dying Deon's consciousness into a spare robot through the modified MOOSE helmet. In return, the now-robotic Deon wirelessly transfers Chappie's consciousness into one of the nearby disabled scouts. Deon and Chappie go into hiding as the police discontinue their contract with Tetravaal, while it is implied that Vincent, assuming he survived, now faces serious criminal charges for his actions.  While burning memorabilia of Yolandi, the grieving Ninja finds a box containing a doll copy of her and a flash drive marked "Mommy's Consciousness Test Backup" which contains a copy of Yolandi's consciousness that Chappie took while testing the device on her. Chappie hacks into Tetravaal's manufacturing facility, builds a robot resembling Yolandi, and uploads the flash drive's contents.
The story begins in medias res with Tucker being arrested while in costume, and then the bulk of the rest of the story is told as a buildup to that event.  Tucker Ostrowski recently graduated from a college in central Florida with an Associate of Arts degree, and is accepted to California Institute of the Arts, as he wants to go into music creation, animation, or theme park design. However, his parents recently filed for personal bankruptcy, so he cannot count on their money to pay for tuition. So, he needs to get a job to pay his own way, but has a criminal record because of a charge of vandalism in his teenage years. He just has to do community service, and expect it to be expunged from his record in two months, but the big parks in the area all do background checks. He looks into other jobs without success before finding that the amusement park Old Time Fun Town is hiring.  He goes to the theme park and is accepted on the spot from Mr. Lloyd, the hiring manager, with literally no questions asked, and Tucker isn't even sure what job he has accepted at first. He finds he has accepted a job as a theme park mascot, Hoppy the Kangaroo, and immediately meets two-week-long veteran Jerry, a former high school mascot performer, who is working as Cap'n Jack's Parrot. Given the low budget nature of the park, Tucker is sent out to interact with the patrons immediately. With no training, he finds he has to learn the job as he goes, but finds that he is enjoying the work regardless. At lunchtime, Tucker meets Stu, who performs as Paws the Polar Bear. Tucker, Stu, and Jerry discuss park operations. The park general manager, Benjamin Fletcher, is a vaguely shady but oddly affable manager who knows all the employees by name. It's also well-known that he plays poker with some "notorious types" but Tucker is grateful for the job and thinks nothing of it.  The second day on the job, before starting work, Jerry and Tucker watch news but ignore mention of a string of daring daylight robberies where the perpetrators are "elaborately disguised." Jerry has to go off to advertise for the park before it opens and relieve Sam, who comes to the break room dressed as Billy the Bulldog. Tucker helps Sam get out of costume and is surprised to learn that Sam is short for Samantha, not Samuel as he assumed. Sam works part time at the park, and her other job is working at the Haven House.  Mr. Fletcher wants to address the entire staff. He informs the park staff that when he joined park management the previous summer, he promised to increase attendance and profits by offering quality games, rides, food, and merchandise. The end result was that the park had about the same attendance as the year before. He hopes to get attendance and profits up through entertainment. The park was successful when Hoppy was first introduced 15 years before, but the original performer died 12 years ago and the character was retired, and there were no costumed performers in the park since. Fletcher says that he plans to boost attendance by reintroducing Hoppy and several other costumed performers. He then reveals that in addition to the four characters based on off-the-shelf costumes purchased from MaskUS, Inc., he has had the in-house art director Don Cluff design a large custom-made "Toby Slick" blue whale costume to support their marketing push.  However, the costume proves too large and unwieldy for the current four performers, so Benjamin Fletcher pulls in a favor and gets Franklin Jefferson Washington to wear the costume. He was a professional basketball player that got injured, then became the team's mascot, then was poached by Disney to play one of their tall characters, and then retired from that to start his own delivery business, likely selling drugs. The new character is a big hit with crowds and a huge draw. A few days later at Old Time Fun Town, the park employees practice for a Fourth of July parade. When it comes to the actual parade, it is extremely lackluster and takes less than a minute to pass.  After a hard day at work, Sam suggests that Tucker visit her at her other job at the Haven House and get a new perspective on the job. He finds that the house is a haven for retired people with various health and mental problems who cannot live independently. One of the people at the home is Lyle, a reclusive old man. Tucker is left alone with him and in attempting to strike up a conversation, he explains that he costumes as a kangaroo. Lyle explains that he was "attacked by a kangaroo two nights ago" who came up to him while he was at an ATM and robbed him of $400.  A few days later at the Haven House, Tucker shows Sam several rough animations he has made. Sam tells Tucker she got accepted into an adult-gerontological nurse practitioner program in Los Angeles. Tucker still wants to go to California Institute of the Arts, but is still extremely far from that goal financially. He explains why he wants to go there, and excitedly explains his plans. Sam points out that the seniors at Haven House never feel the sort of joy most people feel at an amusement park anymore, as their health problems severely limit their mobility.  Soon after, back at work Tucker learns Sam is spending a week in California to tour the campus. Stu is going to a cosplay convention over the weekend, leaving just Tucker and Jerry to cover the park schedule. Tucker has to cover for Stu for an offsite event at a private party that specifically requested the bird and polar bear costumes. Tucker is wary of covering for him, as Stu is known to be the sweatiest of the group, and Paws the Polar Bear reeks even after intense cleaning, and Tucker won't have time to even attempt to clean it. Tucker and Jerry arrive at the party and are told that all they have to do are greet the guests. They both learn that it's actually a furry party, and after they are done greeting guests, check around back to see what goes on at that sort of party. They are surprised to find it is a very tame and normal party. Back in the car, they see a police car speeding past, and checking the radio and find that the sixth in a string of robberies occurred, with this one being a bank heist.  In Tucker's free time, Tucker has started a personal project of creating entertainment for the seniors at the Haven House, despite his parents having pawned or sold almost all their tools. Tucker buys new power tools, but as his parents’ financial situation becomes even more dire, his parents lose electricity, leaving him to attempt work by himself with hand tools. Tucker lets Jerry in on his plan, and he suggests getting help from the landscaping crew. They agree to help, and suggest using a large variety of construction supplies and old props that Old Time Fun Town has had in storage for decades. Tucker and Jerry also find the original head of Hoppy, and backup costumes for the rest of the characters, including Paws the Polar Bear. When Sam returns from her trip and goes to the Haven House, Tucker reveals that he designed and helped build a Tunnel of Love for the seniors, designed to be ridden in wheel chairs.  The next day while working Tucker is arrested in costume, as well as Jerry, Sam, and Stu. They all assume that they are arrested for borrowing the items from the warehouse, as they did not inform Benjamin Fletcher of their plan. When they are questioned at the station, the detective shows them videos from the recent crime spree, which show people dressed in their same costumes committing robberies. However, all of their alibis check out and they are free to go, except for Stu, who is kept for further questioning and released later.  Jerry suspects that the people in the costumes worked for park operations. Tucker, Jerry, and Sam know that if they can get the backup costumes from the park's warehouse to the police, the police can test the sweat in the costumes. Since none of them have worn those sets of costumes, they can get the sweat in the costumes matched to the park employees to discover whoever was trying to use them as patsies to be blamed for the crimes. However, Tucker, Jerry, and Sam suspect that the warehouse will be watched closely, and enlist the help of the seniors from the Haven House to help distract park operations so they can remove the costumes from the warehouse. However, despite the distractions, half of park operations is already there, about to take the duplicate costumes to the incinerator. Jerry reveals that Stu told Benjamin Fletcher of his suspicions, but Mr. Fletcher arrives and reveals that he was the mastermind behind the whole plan, and park operations engaged with the crimes with his blessings so he could take a cut of the money, though bank robbing was too extreme for him. The park operations employees approach Tucker, Jerry, and Sam to restrain them, but George the Janitor arrives and beats them back. The police detective enters and stops the fight. The entire park operations team is taken in for questioning, as well as Benjamin Fletcher. The police also take the costumes as evidence, so the performers make do by buying other off the shelf costumes or borrowing them from friends, though Tucker is able to use the original Hoppy the Kangaroo costume, as that one wasn’t worn by anyone in 12 years.  After the summer is over, Stu starts a furry cosplay costume company and brings on Tucker's parents as sales agents. Jerry gets a promotion to director of entertainment at the park and the next summer creates a hit musical on Fletcher's old stage. Sam goes off to California for college, and Tucker is able to go to the California Institute of the Arts, as the grateful seniors at the Haven House all pitch in for a college fund.
In Chicago, Charlie Countryman grieves as his dying mother is taken off life support. Her spirit appears to him, urging him to go to Bucharest, and Charlie does so. He bonds with Victor, the Romanian man sitting next to him on the plane, who is returning home after seeing a Chicago Cubs game. During the flight, Victor dies, and his spirit asks Charlie to deliver a gift and a final message to his daughter.  At the airport, Charlie is tased and questioned by security after trying to retrieve Victor’s gift. He is instantly smitten with Victor's daughter, Gabi, and consoles her before parting ways. Taking a taxi into the city, he notices Gabi in her car and offers to drive her. They nearly collide with the ambulance transporting her father’s body, which crashes. Gabi accompanies the body in another ambulance, leaving her car with Charlie, who finds a revolver in her purse with an inscription from “Nigel”.  He drives to the Romanian Athenaeum where Gabi performs as a cellist, and she calls him with instructions to deliver her instrument to the conductor, Bela. Charlie waits while Gabi performs with the pit orchestra, and they are confronted by her estranged husband, Nigel. Staying at a hostel, Charlie parties with his roommates Karl and Luc after they dose him with ecstasy, and is menaced by Nigel in the bathroom. Spotting Gabi, Charlie insists on following her and they spend the night out, sharing memories of their parents, and she promises him a kiss if he can find her the next day.  After Karl takes an overdose of Viagra, he and Luc bring Charlie to a strip club. They receive a bill for 9,900 Romanian leu ($) and are threatened by the manager, Darko, who notices that Charlie recognizes pictures of Nigel and Gabi on his wall. Demanding to know Nigel’s whereabouts, Darko lets them go. Charlie waits for Gabi at the Athenaeum, and Bela takes him to Gabi’s home, where a memorial is being held for Victor. Gabi and Charlie share the kiss she promised him, and he tells her about meeting Darko. Nigel barges in and threatens Charlie, but Gabi forces him to leave at gunpoint. Once they are alone, she explains to Charlie how she met Nigel, realizing he was a violent criminal after they married, and that her father forced Nigel to leave Bucharest with the threat of an incriminating videotape that Darko wants to obtain. Charlie confesses he is in love with her, and they have sex.  Waking up alone, Charlie finds a tape in Victor’s collection labeled “Cubs Win World Series - 1995”, revealed to be security footage of Nigel and Darko murdering a group of people. A shocked Charlie finds Gabi at a café with Nigel and declares to them that he watched the tape. Nigel nearly kills him before the police arrive, escaping while Charlie is taken into custody. Bela arranges to have Charlie sent to Budapest, bluntly stating that Gabi doesn't want to see him. Charlie is dropped off at the hostel to collect his belongings, but the owner warns him that men are waiting for him. Pursued by Darko’s henchmen, Charlie escapes to Gabi’s house only to find the tape missing. He is confronted by Darko, who has kidnapped and interrogated Karl and Luc. Gabi calls Darko to arrange a meeting, and he knocks Charlie unconscious.  Gabi finds Charlie outside the Athenaeum and tells him that he will never see her again. Having taken the tape, she prepares to leave with Nigel to meet Darko. Encouraged by another vision of his mother, Charlie tries to stop Nigel but is knocked out again. He is taken to the docks and hung by his ankle above the water, while Darko burns the tape. Nigel forces Gabi to shoot Charlie, but she spares him as the police arrive. Darko and his men flee, dropping Charlie into the water, while Nigel realizes Gabi loves Charlie and commits suicide by cop. Charlie emerges from the water alive and reunites with Gabi.
The film tells the story of Leslie "Lulu" Van Houten's life in the Manson Family cult and Karlene Faith's work to deprogram her, Patricia "Katie" Krenwinkel, and Susan "Sadie" Atkins after they were imprisoned for their involvement in the Tate and LaBianca murders. It interweaves scenes from various time periods.  In the opening scene, Lulu slowly showers blood off her face after the LaBianca murders. Three years later, Lulu, Katie, and Sadie are in the Special Security Unit at the California Institution for Women. Karlene Faith, a University of California, Santa Cruz graduate student, is assigned to teach them college classes. Lulu, Katie, and Sadie are unusually gentle, polite, and welcoming, in contrast to what she expects of convicted murderers.   As Karlene gets acquainted with them, she sees that their belief systems were set for them by Charles "Charlie" Manson, whom they adore: she wants to change that.  The film flashes back to Lulu's introduction to the Family and Charlie at Spahn Ranch. Fulfilling Charlie's requests for new recruits, Catherine "Gypsy" Share brings Lulu to the ranch. Katie becomes Lulu's mentor. Katie explains Charlie's and the Family's beliefs. The group follows Charlie's preaching, instructing them to let go of their egos, live in the now, and  be free about sex. Drugs are handed out to everyone. The members of the Family are happy and loving to each other. That evening, Lulu witnesses a deeply emotional scene involving another Family member, Sandy. In front of the group, Charlie tears down Sandy's personality and relationship with her parents, then constructs her a new interpretation of herself and seals the deal with group affirmation. Returning from the flashback, Lulu tells Karlene that every girl should have a daddy like Charlie. Incredulous, Karlene thinks that Lulu, Katie, and Sadie have been brainwashed and offers them copies of Our Bodies, Ourselves and Sisterhood is Powerful.  Some days, Charlie sends the women out to panhandle and hunt through dumpsters for food. Some nights, he oversees Family orgies. He makes the rules for the group: women cannot hold money, and aren't allowed to serve themselves food until the men at the table have served themselves. After Lulu sees Charlie callously disregard the pain of a crying Family member, he explains his philosophy that the members of his group are trying to let go of their materialistic culture, to submit, and to get rid of their egos and hang ups. He says that there has to be some death of self. He then has sex with Lulu, and tells her to think of it "like making love to her daddy", which he believes "is what all the girls want but can never have".  In various scenes, Lulu is chastised for questioning the inconsistencies in Charlie's mandates. In one scene, he takes her to a cliff and tells her that if she wants to leave the ranch, then she must jump. Charlie believes that some passages in the Book of Revelation refer to him and that he will lead mankind after a revolution caused by a race war. Lulu, Katie, and Sadie tell Karlene about Charlie's belief that they will wait out the revolution in a bottomless pit and that when it is over, some of them will become winged elves who fly to the surface. Karlene tries to get them to think rationally instead of believing what Charlie taught them, but they still are not able to do so.  In another flashback, Dennis Wilson tells Charlie that the Beach Boys will record one of Charlie's songs, "Cease to Exist". Elated, Charlie thinks that he is going to be a rock star. When record producer Terry Melcher sees Charlie and his back-up singers perform "Look at Your Game, Girl", he is not impressed. This makes Charlie furious and, later that evening, he beats Sadie.  His focus shifts from music to violence. He decides to kick-start the race war by killing some white people and blaming the killings on African Americans. He calls this "Helter Skelter". He orders Sadie and Tex to go to Terry Melcher's old house, now occupied by Sharon Tate, to kill the residents. They are accompanied by Katie and Linda Kasabian.  After the Tate murders, Charlie orders Katie, Tex, and Lulu to commit the LaBianca murders. Following Charlie's teaching, Tex believes that they can become invisible at will.  Karlene wants to give Lulu, Katie, and Sadie back their own selves from the time before they met Charlie. However, as time goes by, she realizes that when Lulu, Katie, and Sadie are able to think for themselves again, they will realize how wrong the murders were. The murders were irrevocable and they will torment Lulu, Katie, and Sadie for the rest of their lives. The final scenes show Lulu realizing that the murders would not bring about a revolution, but, instead were for nothing.
Charlie St. Cloud, with his younger brother Sam, wins a boating race on his sailboat Splendid Splinter, subsequently receiving a sailing scholarship to Stanford University. He graduates from Winslow High School and after graduation, Charlie promises Sam they will practice baseball every day until he leaves for Stanford.  That night, Charlie wants to attend a graduation party with his friends, but his mother makes him babysit Sam. Charlie tries sneaking out to the party, but Sam catches him and asks for a ride to his friend Tommy's house. While on the road, Charlie reassures him that his departure will not be like their father's abandonment.  The car later gets rear-ended by a SUV, pushing them into an intersection where they are T-boned by a 18-wheeler, killing Sam. During an out-of-body experience, Charlie hugs and reassures Sam, promising not to leave him.  Paramedic Florio Ferrente revives Charlie but Sam dies in his arms. At the funeral, Charlie runs off, unable to put Sam's baseball glove in the grave. Running through the woods, he finds his spirit and discovers they can interact. Charlie fulfills Sam's dying wish by practicing baseball with him every day at sunset, even though it keeps Sam's spirit from "moving on."  Five years later, Charlie is a caretaker at Waterside Cemetery, having abandoned his scholarship. He continues to interact with ghosts, including his friend Sully who died in the Marines. Charlie runs into Florio, who is dying of cancer.  Florio encourages Charlie to live his life more fully, in search of the reason why he was saved. At the docks, Charlie meets Tess Carroll, an old classmate and sailor planning to solo-sail around the world.  The following day, Charlie finds an injured Tess tending her father's grave. He tends to her at his home and they develop a relationship. Later, when Charlie arrives late to see Sam, he says he felt Charlie forgetting him and himself disappearing. Charlie explains his ongoing relationship with Sam to Tess, who has followed him, and ends things to not lose Sam.  Charlie learns that Tess disappeared with her boat in a storm three days earlier. After meeting her on the docks, he believes he's really been interacting with her spirit as she appeared at the cemetery, and he assumes she died at sea.  Florio's wife Carla tells Charlie that Florio died the previous night, giving him his St. Jude medallion. Remembering that Florio believed there is no such thing as a lost cause, he becomes convinced that Tess is alive and that he was saved to save her now.  With his friend Alistair and Tess's coach Tink, Charlie takes Tink's boat to find her. At sunset, Charlie misses his game with Sam, causing him to move on from the living world as the brothers affirm their love. Sam appears to Charlie as a shooting star, revealing Tess' location. They find the wrecked boat and an unconscious Tess. Charlie uses his body heat to keep her warm until the Coast Guard arrives, protecting her against hypothermia.  Later, Charlie invites Tess to ride with him on an old sail boat he has bought. She is afraid, as she has had vivid dreams about them together. He tells Tess that these are memories, reciting a quote from her father's funeral that he discussed with her spirit. Charlie quits his job and makes his final peace with Sam's spirit. Some time later, they set off to sail around the world.
A team of Angels including Jane and Sabina, led by senior operative John Bosley, capture international embezzler Jonny Smith in Rio de Janeiro and turn him over to American authorities.  A year later, the European division of the Townsend Agency is informed that Elena Houghlin, an engineer and programmer employed by entrepreneur Alexander Brok, wants to expose her superiors. She knows that Brok's head of development, Peter Fleming, is covering up a flaw in an energy conservation device that she helped invent, Calisto. It has the potential to trigger fatal seizures when used.  Elena meets with operative Edgar "Bosley" in Hamburg to turn over her findings, but the assassin Hodak ambushes the meeting. After a subsequent car chase in which Edgar is shot dead before the car is flipped into the river, the assassin leaves Elena to drown. Edgar's protégé, Jane Kano, is also in the car. She rescues her and brings her to operative Rebekah "Bosley" with the help of her partner, Sabina Wilson. Meanwhile, John, who has since retired from the agency, discovers that Rebekah has tagged him with the agency's specialized subdermal implant tracking device without his knowledge.  Rebekah tasks Sabina and Jane, joined by Elena, with breaking into Brok's corporate headquarters to steal the remaining Calisto prototypes before they can be duplicated. Elena finds one but is forced to use it to escape, accidentally killing the chief of security, Ralph, in the process.  After learning that Fleming took the other prototypes, Rebekah tracks him to Istanbul, where Jane utilizes one of her old intelligence contacts, Fatima, to locate him. They first seek him at a horse racetrack, where he doesn't seem to find a buyer.  Later, they track him to a remote rock quarry, where the supposedly imprisoned Smith is revealed to be Fleming's intermediary for selling Calisto. Hodak is also present and kills Fleming before the Angels break up the sale. Rebekah suddenly disappears, allowing Smith and Hodak to escape with the prototypes.  Returning to their safehouse, Sabina shares her growing belief that Rebekah is secretly working against the agency and manipulating them to steal Calisto for her own benefit. While the three ponder Sabina's suspicion, the safehouse is bombed. Rebekah shows up only to be shot by John, who has come to 'rescue' Elena.  Sabina and Jane manage to survive and seek medical help from Fatima. Rebekah reappears and explains that John is the real traitor and that he has spent the last few decades secretly building his own network within the agency after he was passed over to succeed the late Charlie Townsend.  John takes Elena to a party in Chamonix hosted by Brok, who reveals himself as the mastermind behind the attempt to assassinate Elena and, unbeknownst to him, John's plan to weaponize Calisto. Using Elena's colleague Langston as a hostage, John forces her to program a Calisto device to kill both herself and Langston before leaving.  The Angels deduced his plan due to the information provided by Smith, who has defected to their side. So, they show up and rescue Elena and Langston, although Elena had already disabled the Calisto device. Jane exacts revenge by impaling Hodak on a spike, while Rebekah catches up with John and his men. Outnumbered, she has numerous other Angels posing as guests subdue the men, after which Sabina knocks out John with a punch.  Brok is arrested for conspiracy, and Jane and Langston start a relationship. Elena is recruited as an Angel by the Townsend Agency after passing a series of rigorous training exercises.  In a mid-credits scene, Elena receives an official Angels tattoo and congratulations from former Angel Kelly Garrett (Jaclyn Smith), who has become the new "Charlie".
Prince Phillipe Charming was cursed by his father's former partner Nemeny Neverwish, who was jealous that Charming's father would not marry her. Charming instantly bewitches every woman in the land until his 21st birthday, when all the love will disappear. Charming can only break the spell if he finds his true love. Near his 21st birthday, Charming proposes to three bachelorettes: Cinderella, an impatient princess he met at a ball; Snow White, a distrustful princess he saved from a near death experience with an apple; and Sleeping Beauty, a narcoleptic princess he awoke from a hundred-year sleep with a kiss. None are aware that they are all engaged to the same man. Tired of his flippancy, Charming's father forces him to go on a quest known as the Gauntlet, which could help Charming discover his true love.  Having robbed a royal carriage full of treasure, crafty thief Lenore Quinonez briefly meets Charming, who instantly yet unknowingly falls for her when she refuses his advances. To avoid the royal guards, she hides in a bakery whilst Charming's fiancées walk in. Posing as a baker and stealing all their possessions, she discovers who their groom is and reveals they are all engaged to Charming, which causes a scandal. After being arrested, Lenore is bribed by the princesses' guardians to escort Charming to a place called Fire Mountain, where he will choose one of the three princesses to marry. She agrees in exchange for their riches. To avoid further legal trouble, and knowing Charming's reputation, she poses as a man named Lenny.  Lenore quickly becomes annoyed with Charming, who seems dim and lacking useful skills. The two bond after Lenore reveals her past: she was raised at sea and taught to distrust everyone. Unknown to Charming, Lenore is cursed by Nemeny to never be able to love. A tribe of giant women known as the Matilija attack them, but Charming charms their chief. She plans to marry him and postpones Lenore's death.  While the tribe is busy with Charming, Lenore is taken in by the Half-Oracle, who informs her that Charming might be her true love. After obtaining the chief's "hairpin", an invincible sword, Charming frees Lenore. After escaping, Lenore and Charming enter a stone cave enchanted by Nemeny, where Lenore accidentally awakens a stone monster while stealing a ruby. Charming attempts to fight it but realizes returning the ruby will appease the creature. As he befriends the monster, Lenore ponders whether she and Charming belong together. Lenore develops feelings for Charming and sets up a date. Nemeny discovers this and, knowing Lenore is emotionally fragile, magically draws all the women in the area inexplicably towards Charming, ruining their date and leaving Lenore heartbroken.  The two make it to Fire Mountain, where they meet up with the princesses and their guardians. Charming is confused when Lenore receives her reward and by Lenny's cold demeanor. Lenore reveals the truth to Charming, and he realizes that Lenore is his true love, as they completed the Gauntlet trials together. Lenore feels that she betrayed him and ignores Charming's protestations that he loves her regardless. A heartbroken Charming declines to marry any of the princesses. Instead, he decides to execute himself to save the land from Nemeny's curse. Before his execution, Charming writes letters to all the enchanted women, explaining the curse. He and his father share a sad goodbye and, as he is about to be hanged, Charming speaks to his self-sacrifice. Lenore's bird friend Illy hears this, steals one of Charming's letters, and informs Lenore, who realizes that she is Charming's true love. She stops Charming from being hanged, and they admit their love. Before they kiss, Nemeny interrupts and brings the final chapter of her curse. She attempts to kill Lenore, but Charming takes the hit for her and dies, therefore finishing the final task of the Gauntlet: the "blind leap of faith". Grief-stricken, Lenore cries over his body but suddenly remembers "True Love's Kiss" and kisses Charming, bringing him back to life. Nemeny disappears forever, and the land is freed from her curses. Lenore and Philippe marry each other and live happily ever after.
In 1987, an 8-year-old boy in Santa Cruz, California named Jay Moriarity is saved from drowning by his next door neighbor, surfer Frosty Hesson (Gerard Butler). This ignites his passion for the sport.  One morning, Jay (Jonny Weston), now 15, sees Frosty leaving early and hitches a ride on his van. He sees Frosty and three of his friends riding a gigantic swell known as Mavericks which, with El Niño coming in, will be at its height in three months' time.  Reluctantly, Frosty agrees to teach Jay how to surf Mavericks, but insists that he learn about the "foundation pillars of surfing". This involves learning to paddle board 36 miles across Monterey Bay (from Santa Cruz to Monterey), treading water for 40 minutes and being able to hold his breath for four minutes.  While training, Frosty encourages Jay to write essays to focus on the task. His first essay is about Kim (Leven Rambin), his crush, whose dog he saved when he was 8, which caused him to nearly drown. Jay gets closer to Kim as he trains, partially encouraged by Frosty's wife, Brenda (Abigail Spencer). A few weeks before the biggest swell of the season hits Mavericks, Brenda has a stroke and dies.  A few days later, distraught from Brenda's death, Frosty paddles out into the bay. Jay follows him, and using the knowledge from his training, he gets Frosty back to shore. Frosty realizes that Jay is ready to ride Mavericks. Frosty takes Jay to Mavericks at Half Moon Bay and watches with his three friends as Jay treads water against the tide. The group agrees that Jay is ready to ride with them.  On Jay's 16th birthday on June 15, 1994, his mother (Elisabeth Shue) gives him a radio to listen to weather broadcasts and track the swell. Frosty gives him a custom-made "big wave gun" (a long surfboard especially designed for riding big waves). Kim reveals her feelings and they share a kiss.  Frosty had wanted to keep Mavericks a secret, but Jay's notebook that he had been using for preparation ends up in the hands of his rival Sonny (Taylor Handley). When Jay and Frosty go to Half Moon Bay, there is a large crowd and boats taking surfers out.  Many of the newcomers wipe out before getting to surf Mavericks. Jay wipes out at first, but then retrieves his board and successfully rides Mavericks. A title card reveals that he married Kim and died at age 22 while free-diving in the Maldives. The film ends with Frosty, Kim, and an assemblage of others holding a surfers' memorial service for Jay.
A feminist blogger and reporter for a school newspaper tries to stop Countess Elizabeth Báthory, who poses as an abstinence counselor in a high school, from killing the school's virgins to stay young and beautiful.
Craig is an auto mechanic who loses his job. He is unable to pay his rent and after seeing the eviction sign, he goes to a dive bar, where he meets an old friend from high school, Vince. After their reunion, they meet a rich couple, Colin and Violet, who appear friendly and benign initially, and after becoming aware of Craig's dire financial situation, offer them money in return for completing certain tasks to entertain Violet, as it is her birthday.  As the first task, Colin offers fifty dollars to whoever between Craig and Vince can drink a shot he pours first. From there, the danger of the tasks escalates along with the payout. The dares result in a bouncer confronting Craig, who is offered five hundred dollars by Colin to hit him first. He does so and is knocked out. When he comes to, he realizes he been brought to the home of Colin and Violet. Tensions between Craig and Vince begin to emerge when they compete with each other in a breath-holding contest and Vince punches Craig in the stomach to prevent him from winning so that he may claim the prize money himself. Another dare between Colin and Vince involves Vince urinating on Craig's shoes. When Craig angrily goes to clean up in the bathroom, Vince accompanies him and they hatch a plan to rob the couple. Vince divulges that there is $250,000, which he instructs Craig to steal as the safe is unlocked.  At knife-point, Vince manages to get Colin to reveal that the safe is unlocked. Craig retrieves the money and returns, only to have Colin and Violet turn the tables on them when Colin easily disarms Vince as Vince is not aware that Colin is an award-winning martial artist and Violet has a gun with her. Colin and Violet agree to let "bygones be bygones" and reveals the money is actually prepared for them to have but only if they go through with the game, which explains why the safe is unlocked. Another dare involves Craig having sex with Violet as well as getting $4,500, the amount required to pay for Craig's month's rent. This angers Vince, who views it as an unfair bet, increasing hostilities between the two friends. Humiliated and feeling guilty for cheating on his wife, Craig withdraws from the game and departs, having earned enough money to delay homelessness for the time being. Violet, who seems to have begun to develop feelings for him, is upset and becomes withdrawn, causing the game to end as its purpose was to entertain her. Vince, desperate to win more money, offers to perform anything asked of him. Colin suggests the amputation of his pinkie finger for $25,000. Just as Vince is about to accept, Craig returns to the game, stating that he only temporarily solves his problem with the $4,500 he has earned so far, and offers to do the same dare for a smaller sum. Vince also goes lower, and they go back and forth until Craig settles for $15,000. Vince cuts Craig's pinkie off, resulting in Craig winning again, which only serves to anger Vince further.  The next challenge involves eating a cooked dead dog, which had died while trying to eat Craig's finger, with the winner who finishes his portion first receiving $50,000. The contest results in a draw, and the tie is broken by whoever eats Craig's finger. Craig wins but he is beaten up by an enraged Vince. After being taken outside to calm down by Colin, he suggests that Vince kill Craig for the remaining portion of the $250,000. Vince considers the offer but finds himself unable to kill his friend; he urges Craig to leave with him but is suddenly shot to death by Craig. Colin calls Craig a taxi and he leaves with his winnings in hand. After he has left, Colin pays Violet her money, as the two had made a bet on which friend would kill the other; Colin chose Vince with Violet choosing Craig. The film ends with Craig arriving home, comforting his child, when suddenly the light turns on and his wife appears, staring at Craig covered in blood and at the money strewn all over the room.
The film tells the story of four young best friends, who spend their last weekend together before graduating from college. Their girls' weekend is soon interrupted when the boys crash the party. The girls notice that a lot of things have changed since they were freshman roommates at college and secrets start to come out. Four friends eventually have to face challenges of career, marriage, jealousy, lost love, mother's suicide and letting love in.  The film's official trailer introduces the girls as the "sexy one (Margo), the "faithful" one (Jess), the "sensitive" one (Avy) and the "lost" one (Cal).
Miami-born Carl Casper is the head chef of Gauloises in Brentwood, Los Angeles. Although popular with his kitchen staff and hostess Molly, he clashes with the restaurant's owner, Riva, who wants him to stick to the same menu of classical cuisine rather than innovative dishes. Carl also has a strained relationship with his rich ex-wife, Inez, and their tech-savvy preteen son, Percy.  When Carl has the chance to serve prestigious food critic and blogger Ramsey Michel, Riva demands he prepare old favorites at the last minute rather than the innovative ones he wants; Carl concedes, leading to a scathing review. Carl insults Ramsey on Twitter, not realizing that his reply is public, and gains a large online following. He comes up with a new menu that his staff loves and invites Ramsey to a "rematch", but is fired after confronting Riva, who wants the old menu again.  At home, Carl prepares the menu he wanted, while his sous-chef Tony serves Ramsey the same dishes from his prior visit. Ramsey tweets negatively about Carl, provoking him into a confrontation at the restaurant. Videos of Carl's meltdown go viral, leaving him humiliated and unemployable.  Carl reluctantly accepts Inez's invitation to accompany her and Percy to Miami, where he rediscovers his love for Cuban cuisine. At her encouragement, her ex-husband Marvin offers him a dilapidated food truck. Carl and Percy bond while restoring the truck and buying groceries, and Carl gives him a chef's knife. Martin, Carl's friend and former line cook, turns down his promotion at Gauloise to join him, whose passion as a chef has been reignited.  Carl, Martin, and Percy drive the truck across the country to Los Angeles, serving Cuban sandwiches and yuca fries. Percy promotes them on social media, and they find success in New Orleans and Austin, where their daily specials include po' boys, beignets and barbecued brisket, made with local ingredients.  Back in LA, having strengthened his relationship with Percy, Carl accepts his son's offer to help with the food truck, with Inez also joining them. Ramsey visits the truck to explain his bad review: though an early fan of Carl, he was disappointed by a meal he felt was beneath Carl's skills. Impressed with the chef's return to form, Ramsey offers to bankroll a new restaurant where Carl will have full creative control. Six months later, the successful new restaurant is closed for Carl and Inez's remarriage ceremony.
Chris, his girlfriend Natalie, and their mutual friend Amanda are traveling across Europe. They stop in Kyiv, Ukraine, to visit Chris' brother, Paul, before heading on to Moscow, Russia, where Chris intends to propose to Natalie.  Paul suggests they go for an extreme tour of Pripyat, an abandoned town which sits in the shadow of the Chernobyl Nuclear Power Plant, the site of the 1986 Chernobyl nuclear disaster. Chris is against going on the tour and would rather stay on the original plan of going to Moscow, but Paul insists. They meet tour guide Yuri and are joined by a backpacking couple, Norwegian Zoe and Australian Michael. Yuri drives them through Ukraine, before they arrive at a Chernobyl Exclusion Zone checkpoint, where they are refused entry by the Ukrainian military. He then takes them to an alternate entry he discovered years ago.  The group stops at a river where Yuri points out a large, mutated fish apparently able to live on land; while returning to their van several other mutant fish are seen. The group is worried about radiation poisoning, but Yuri assures their safety with a Geiger counter. After spending a few hours exploring, Yuri takes them to the upper floor of an apartment building and shows them the Chernobyl nuclear plant on the near horizon. After hearing noises at the other end of the apartment, it is found to be a bear which runs through the hallway past them, but not harming them.  The group prepares to leave Pripyat, but Yuri finds the wires in his van have been chewed through. He tries to radio for help, to no avail. As night falls, the group decides on whether to hike to a nearby checkpoint which is 20 km (12 miles) away, or to stay put and wait for help. Suddenly, strange noises come from outside, where Yuri goes out to investigate and Chris follows. Shots are heard and Paul runs out to investigate, returning with Chris, whose leg has been severely mauled, and claiming that Yuri has been taken. While they decide to stay the night in their locked vehicle, they are attacked by dogs.  The next day, Paul, Michael, and Amanda go out to look for Yuri. They follow a trail of blood to an abandoned cafeteria and find Yuri's mutilated body. They take his gun and are chased by a creature through the building before returning to the van. Amanda checks her camera and one of the pictures shows a humanoid creature inside one of the apartment buildings. Natalie stays with the wounded Chris while the others begin the hike to the checkpoint.  During the hike, Paul, Amanda, Michael, and Zoe find a parking lot, where they find parts for Yuri's van. On the way back they are chased by dogs and also attacked by mutant fish in a stream. Night falls as the group returns to the van, only to find it upside down and ripped to shreds. They find Natalie's video camera, showing that she and Chris were attacked and captured by humanoid mutants. While searching for the two inside an old building, the group is chased by more mutants.  During their escape, a traumatized Natalie is found and rescued, but when the group gets distracted by a mysterious young girl, Natalie is captured again. The rest of the group is swarmed by a horde of mutants and are forced to retreat. While fleeing through an underground passage, Michael is captured. As they continue, they find Chris' engagement ring for Natalie, with no sign of Chris. While climbing a ladder, a gang of mutants drags Zoe back down, forcing Amanda and Paul to leave her behind, emerging from the passage right beside the exposed nuclear reactor core. Paul recognizes that extremely high radiation levels are causing their skin to blister. They come upon Natalie's body just before they are confronted by some of their mutant attackers. Fighting them off, the two survivors then encounter Ukrainian military forces outside the reactor building. Blinded by radiation, Paul stumbles toward the soldiers, who kill him.  Amanda falls unconscious and later awakens on a gurney. Several doctors, in protective hazmat suits, inform her that she is in a hospital and they will help her. The doctors reveal that the "creatures" were escaped patients, and after realizing that Amanda "knows too much," she is then forced into a dark cell and is swarmed and devoured by the recaptured patients.  Alternate ending An alternate ending for the film features Amanda being taken away by the soldiers after they kill Paul. She is later seen in a dark hospital room, inflicted with radiation poisoning (as evidenced by her missing hair), begging for help as the film cuts to black. Then credits start to roll.
Aaron, a college student with a passion for art, is majoring in engineering because his Mom insists. He falls in love with Linda, a classmate, a much older woman with a teenage daughter and a boyfriend, who she is not very interested in. While Linda is more interested in a friendship than a relationship, Beth, the 14 year old daughter, develops feelings for Aaron and confesses her unrequited love. Darcy, a woman who lives down the hall, also has some interest in Aaron, but that friendship is equally rocky.
Set in 1984 in a small Texas town, Cherry Bomb follows the story of Cherry, an exotic dancer who is sexually assaulted by a group of people in the club where she works. Upon waking in the hospital, Cherry soon comes to find that all of the people have escaped justice, seemingly due to the help of corrupt local law enforcement. Against all odds, Cherry teams up with her estranged brother and vows revenge against the people who left her emotionally and physically broken. But things don't always go as planned, and Cherry finds herself up against the police, a vicious hired gun, and a barrage of unexpected consequences as she strives for vengeance.
In Chicago's Southside, as the events are narrated by Dolemedes, a war rages between two rival gangs: the Spartans, led by rapper/gang leader Demetrius Dupree, nicknamed "Chi-Raq" and the Trojans, led by gang lord Cyclops. Demetrius's lover, Lysistrata, grows disillusioned after several outbursts of violence near her, including a shootout at Demetrius's concert, an arson attack at their home while the two are having sex and a young girl, Patti, being accidentally killed in a gang shooting, revealed as the daughter of Irene.  After the fire, Lysistrata moves in with Miss Helen Worthy, a well-read non-violence advocate who suggests she research about Leymah Gbowee, who led a peace movement to stop the Second Liberian Civil War and threatened a sex strike. Inspired by Worthy and Gbowee, Lysistrata organizes a meeting between herself, the Spartans' lovers and the Trojans' lovers, where they agree to withhold sex until the men agree to lay down arms, hence their plea, "No Peace, No Pussy."  The strike rapidly spreads across the city, with women of many neighborhoods and occupations joining the boycott. Despite the strike's enormous membership, the Spartans and the Trojans refuse to cease their war. Following a funeral for Irene's young daughter Patti, Lysistrata speaks with the local preacher Fr. Mike Corridan, who argues passionately against the American institutions that profit from the South Side's wars. Deciding that the problem is bigger than the gangs' resentment, Lysistrata and her women seduce their way into a military armory and capture it from its soldiers and their general, General King Kong.  The takeover of the armory sparks a national crisis, with the military and the police surrounding the site. The forces are barred from storming the armory as it was taken by merely 75 unarmed women who are not holding any hostages. The women's actions also cause their boycott to become famous worldwide, with women from countries all over the world organizing their own sex strikes. Planned by Mayor McCloud and Commissioner Blades, the military tries to lure the women in the armory out by playing seductive music but it fails after the women find the military's earplugs and the men themselves become unbearably turned on by the music, thus missing their women even more.  After three months, Cyclops's and Demetrius's gangs begin to grow disillusioned, from the absence of sex and from having plenty of time to think over their fate in a gang. Demetrius remains too stubborn to give up the Spartans but agrees to organize a meeting with Lysistrata after the boycott spreads to Mayor McCloud's wife and to the first lady of the United States. The city arranges a deal: Demetrius and Lysistrata will meet each other in bed and whoever climaxes first loses and must agree to the other's terms. The deal is cut short by Cyclops arriving to declare he and the Trojans are laying down their guns.  A truce is organized the following day, with Lysistrata, Mayor McCloud, and Cyclops signing a deal to end gun violence and build new hospitals and trauma centers. Demetrius refuses to sign and walks away but is ultimately moved by Miss Worthy's testimony of the death of her daughter, as confessed to by Demetrius's father, Jamel Dupree. He admits that he was the one who killed Irene's daughter and gives himself up for arrest.
The film is a teen musical about a group of middle school dancers.  The film opens in Paris, with Rhyme and TK on a date. Rhyme comments on how she wishes she could stay there forever. It turns out, however, that this is two different actors rehearsing a scene in a movie, directed by TK and Flash. Despite protests from the actors, TK insists that they do the take again, as it has to be perfect.  Rhyme, Ellie, Kayla, and Quinn are talking about their chances of performing at the Spring Fling while walking to school. The conversation then turns into who they will ask to the dance. While Ellie insists she is going alone, Rhyme talks about how she wants to go with TK. The school then performs "Dancing on the Ceiling". They are interrupted by Principal Anthony, who says that they are not allowed to sing in the hallways, to which Ellie finds strange, as she always sings in the hallway.  Rhyme, Ellie, Kayla, and Birdie discuss Principal Anthony, until Luna and Monica walk up to them. Luna claims that Power Surge will crush Attaway Dance Team at the tryouts and get dates to the dance before them. She says that she always thought TK was cute, angering Birdie, who tells her to stay away from her brother. The conversation ends as Senõr Singer prepares to start class. Sheldon, a student who is fond of principal Anthony, leaves the classroom and tells her that everyone is talking about the dance, and no one seems concerned about academics.  While hanging out with Flash and Ace, TK asks if they can do a reshoot on the movie. Ace is confused why they aren't done with the movie yet and tells Flash that his basketball skills will get rusty. Flash remarks that you have to make sacrifices for art. They two soon get into a fight. TK plays peace maker, saying that this is why they haven't been asked to the dance. Ace and Flash tell TK to chill out, as they are fine and we’re just joking, with Ace reminding TK that he has not been asked to the dance either.  Ellie arrives at the library, where she takes notice of a guy named Davis. She puts headphones on and sings, only to be stopped by Davis, who is trying to study. When he starts complementing her, Ellie tells him to back off, as she believes he is trying to get her to ask him to the Spring Fling. This is not Davis’ intention however, as he doesn't want to go to the dance. This makes Ellie feel better, and Davis proceeds to help her with polynomials. Also in the library, Flash raves about TK's movie to Rhyme, and complements TK's direction, before asking Kayla who she will attend the Spring Fling with. Kayla explains that she has some people in mind, and tells Flash to text her. She asks TK if Flash is going to the dance with anyone, to which TK answers that no one has asked him yet.  Quinn and Rooney argue about their parents, with Birdie in tow, who remarks that even though they are step sisters, they fight like blood relatives.  Senõr Singer holds auditions for who will perform at the dance. After a failed attempt by Hamilton, Ace performs, but he is stopped when he and one of the girls get too close for comfort. Attaway Dance Team goes to audition, and they are joined by Power Surge on the stage. The two teams have a dance battle.  Sheldon Questions if TK and Flash are allowed to video tape at the school. He tells them to follow him.  Senõr Singer declares that Attaway Dance Team and Power Surge will perform together. This angers Birdie and Luna. The two teams storm to the Principal's office. Rhyme sees TK and asks why he is there, to which he responds that he doesn't know. The dance teams talk to Principal Anthony, but she tells all the students that they must put academics first and that skirts must go down to the knee, annoying Rooney. Birdie decides to ask Tim to help her study, to which he agrees to.  Rhyme meets up with TK, who is working on the movie. He explains that everything has to be perfect. They spend the rest of the day together.  The next day, Principal Anthony invites Senõr Singer over for dinner to discuss limiting the performance arts program, unaware that Rhyme is listening. Senõr Singer declines, stating that they have passion, something that she lacks. Principal Anthony realizes that it is worse than she thought, in the library, no one is studying.  Mr. Forrester picks up Rooney and Quinn for school, as Birdie and Tim finish up their study session. They make plans for the next day.  Flash and Ace throw a football. Flash explains that Kayla texted him and that he didn't know what to say. Ace tells Flash that has a lot to learn.  Tim notices Principal Anthony and Sheldon planning something.  The Chicken Girls discuss who they are thinking about taking to the dance.  Ellie finds out that Principal Anthony has cancelled the Spring Fling. In its place, she has instituted the Test Test, a Practice Exam for state.  A montage then occurs of the school studying for the Test Test. Ellie starts making math jokes, Kayla insists that they get the test over with, and Quinn says that its not so bad, as she had no one to go to the dance with anyway. Rhyme asks them if they've heard themselves, and declares that the new principal is ruining their lives. Rhyme angrily leaves the group, where she is stopped by Luna, who encourages her to be a leader for her friends and take a stand.  Ace tells Flash that he will text Kayla from Flash's phone, so that Flash will sounds cool. Kayla responds, saying that Flash sounds like two different people. TK invites Rhyme for a study date.  Rooney and Quinn overhear their parents fighting. Quinn worries that their parents will split. Rooney interrupts and says she has to leave, as she is hanging out with Hamilton.  TK talks to Dru about Rhyme.  Rhyme tells Harmony about her troubles. Harmony discovers that Principal Anthony has a crush on Senõr Singer. She then devises a plan to save the spring fling, recruiting Rooney (someone who can see what we can't), Ace (someone fluent in the language of love), and Luna (an unsuspecting ally). Rooney tells the group that one a week Senõr Singer visits his grandma.  The plan is set into motion. Rhyme gives Principal Anthony cashmere, Ace asks Senõr Singer about Principal Anthony, and Luna tells Sheldon that Rhyme has been ditching class to go the home for the elderly. Ellie arrives to check up on Rhyme, but Rhyme rebuffs her.  Principal Anthony and Sheldon go to the home of the elderly, where Ace is performing. Rhyme and Rooney speak to an elderly couple, who say that they had a crush on each other for a while, reminding Rhyme of her relationship with TK. Luna is disguised as an old lady, but she falls and says that she wishes she could have one last dance. Principal Anthony decides that the dance is back on, but only if they pass the Test Test. Rhyme realizes she missed her study date with TK, who is working on his movie.  Birdie and Tim study together, Kayla texts Flash, who is told by Ace not to respond. Rooney invites Quinn to study with her and Hamilton, but is rebuffed. Ellie and Davis work together as well. Kayla tells Flash that her thinking of asking him was a mistake. Hamilton tells Rooney to ask him to the dance who says she has to ask someone else first. Rhyme apologizes to TK for missing their study date. She asks him to meet him after the Test Test.  The Test Test begins, and the students get their scores back. Ellie is excited that she did well. Everyone passes except Rhyme, who failed because she did not study. She blames Harmony, because their scheme distracted her. Rhyme sings as everyone gets ready for the dance. Rooney and Quinn learn that their parents are not getting a divorce, to which both girls are relieved.  Ellie, Kayla, and Quinn arrive at Rhyme's house. They sing “Birds of a Feather”. She apologizes for being a jerk, but they devise a way to let her attend the dance.  The dance kicks off. Ellie dances with Davis, Birdie dances with Tim, Rooney invites Hamilton to dance with both her and Quinn. Flash ignores Ace's advice and comes clean about the texts. They then dance too. Luna asks Ace to have a friendly dance with her.  TK dances with Dru. TK explains that he can't find Rhyme. He then leaves when he finds out she couldn't attend. Attaway and Power Surge reconcile, and Rhyme arrives in a chicken suit. Rhyme agrees to study extra hard if she is allowed to dance. Principal Anthony agrees. Attaway and Power Surge perform together.  Rhyme arrives home and apologizes to Harmony, who tells her to go outside. TK is waiting for her, and he shows her the film, which is really about the two of them. He tells her that he is going away for the whole summer with Flash. After she leaves, he tells her to wait, and they kiss.
During Stalin's rule of the Soviet Union in the early 1950s, Ministry of State Security (MGB) Agent and war hero Leo Demidov uncovers a strange and brutal series of child murders. However, MGB leadership refuses to acknowledge the deaths as murders because Soviet doctrine states that only capitalism creates serial killers. The son of Leo's partner is murdered by the serial killer and during Leo's investigation, his wife, Raisa, is accused of being disloyal to the state. Leo suspects that his amoral and ambitious enemy in the MGB, Vasili Nikitin, is behind the charges. Leo refuses to support the accusation and he is forced to take a demeaning militia position in the town of Volsk. Raisa accompanies him and must work as a janitor.   In Volsk, Leo meets General Mikhail Nesterov, his new commander. Meanwhile, Vasili calls Raisa and attempts to persuade her to leave Leo and join him in Moscow. When she refuses, Vasili orders a local MGB functionary to abuse her. Raisa later admits to Leo that she only agreed to marry him because she feared what would happen to her if she refused a high-ranking member of state security.   More child murder victims are discovered in Volsk and after Leo tells Raisa that he suspects this to be the work of a serial killer, she decides to help his investigation. Together, they convince Nesterov and his wife, Inessa, that the deaths must be investigated as serial murders. Further investigation reveals that the killer has claimed at least 44 victims and that he is traveling the rail lines to find his targets.   Leo and Raisa travel in secret to Moscow to interview a woman who reported seeing the killer. The interview does not bear fruit, however, and to escape possible pursuit by the MGB, they seek out Raisa's former colleague. However, during the meeting, Raisa discovers that the colleague is an informer and Leo kills him. Leo tells Raisa that she can leave him if she wishes but she says that she wants to stay with him.  Leo and Raisa return to Volsk where they discover that Vasili and his men have pursued them for killing the informer. They are arrested and interrogated, then put on a train to a work camp. During the train ride, they are attacked by the other passengers on orders of Vasili; after killing their assailants, Leo and Raisa jump off the train. They trek to Rostov where the highest concentration of the serial killer's victims has been found; they reason that the killer must work close to the rail yards there.  In the Rostov tractor factory, Leo identifies the killer by cross-referencing worker travel with the location and date of the murders. Leo and Raisa corner the killer who surrenders to them. However, the killer is suddenly shot in the head by Vassili, who has followed Leo and Raisa. Vassili tries to execute them, but after a vicious struggle, they kill Vassili. Leo cleverly tells the MGB agents who arrive that the serial killer killed Vassili and that he then shot the killer. Because the serial killer was a POW in German camps, the MGB is able to (falsely) explain away his actions as those of a Nazi agent.  Leo is reinstated in Moscow; despite being offered a promising political position, he instead asks to create and lead a homicide division in Moscow. Leo and Raisa adopt two orphan girls.
Set in mountainous Sevier County, Tennessee, in the 1950s, Child of God tells the story of Lester Ballard.  Ballard is a dispossessed, violent man whom the narrator describes as "a child of God much like yourself perhaps."  Ballard's life is a disastrous attempt to exist outside the social order.  Successively deprived of parents and homes, and with few other ties, Ballard descends literally and figuratively to the level of a cave dweller, as he falls deeper into madness, crime and degradation.  The film differs from the novel regarding the ending. In the end of the novel Ballard dies in a mental hospital while in the film he escapes from the lynching mob through the tunnels and walks through the Tennessee fields.
Multinational Kaslan Corporation has just launched Buddi, a revolutionary line of high-tech dolls designed to be lifelong companions to their owners, learning from their surroundings, and acting accordingly via artificial intelligence, quickly becoming a worldwide success. At a Kaslan assembly factory in Vietnam, an overworked employee is abused by his supervisor for unsatisfactory performance. In retaliation, he sabotages the Buddi doll that he is assembling by disabling all of its safety protocols on its chip before installation. After packaging it for its international delivery, he commits suicide.  In Chicago, widowed retail clerk Karen Barclay and her twelve-year-old hearing-impaired son Andy have moved into a new apartment. In an attempt to cheer Andy up about the relocation and the presence of her new boyfriend Shane, Karen blackmails her boss to procure a Buddi doll, giving it to Andy as an early birthday gift. It is revealed to be the tampered one. Once activated, the doll names himself "Chucky" and becomes attached to Andy. Over time, Chucky helps him to befriend two other children, Falyn and Pugg, but also begins to display violent tendencies. He tries to strangle the Barclays' cat after it scratches Andy and, while he and his friends gleefully watch The Texas Chainsaw Massacre 2, Chucky starts mimicking the violence, approaching the trio with a kitchen knife before Andy disarms him.  When Andy arrives home the next morning, he finds that his cat is dead. Chucky admits to having killed it so that it would not hurt Andy again. Karen locks the doll in a closet, but he escapes and terrorizes Shane, which leads him to confront Andy. Misunderstanding Andy's pleas for Shane to disappear, Chucky follows him to his home, where it is revealed that Shane is married with children, and, unbeknownst to Karen, she is the other woman. While Shane is outside taking down Christmas lights, Chucky shifts the ladder he's using, breaking his legs, and activates a cultivator that scalps and kills him before stabbing the body repeatedly. The following day, Chucky delivers Shane's skinned face as a gift to a horrified Andy.  While police detective Mike Norris begins an investigation, Andy, Falyn, and Pugg disable Chucky and throw him into the garbage. Voyeur electrician Gabe finds and fixes the doll, intending to sell it online. Now fully functional, Chucky tortures Gabe with a knife and uses a table saw to kill him. Making his way back to the apartment, Chucky lands in possession of another child, Omar, and proceeds to kill Norris' mother Doreen in a controlled car crash for trying to become Andy's new friend. Meanwhile, Andy fails to convince Karen that the doll has become murderous and she takes him along to her work at the local shopping mall to keep him nearby. Suspecting that Andy is responsible for the murders, Norris travels to the mall and arrests him just as Chucky takes full control of the building.  Chaos is unleashed as several employees and customers are brutally killed by rampaging Buddi dolls and various other toys while Chucky triggers the mall's lockdown sequence. Norris is wounded in the massacre, and Andy and his friends manage to escape. However, Andy is forced to return when Chucky reveals that he is holding Karen hostage. Andy travels to the mall's storage and saves his mother as the doll attacks him. He overpowers Chucky and stabs his power cell before Norris shoots the doll down, and Karen beheads him. As the police and paramedics tend to Karen, Norris, and other survivors outside the mall, Andy and his friends burn Chucky's body in a nearby alleyway.  In the aftermath of Chucky's killing spree, Kaslan CEO Henry Kaslan issues a statement regarding Chucky's faulty programming and announces a massive Buddi dolls recall. As one of the dolls is being placed into storage, his eyes flicker red, and he smiles, revealing that Chucky transferred his artificial intelligence into a new body.
Tim and Allie's car breaks down and they attempt to find shelter in a remote desert farmhouse after becoming lost. A strange Charles Manson-like character, The Preacher (Billy Drago), allows them inside to use the phone. The couple find out they won't be able to get tow service until the following day. The Preacher and his Ukrainian wife Oksana (also known as Helen) let them stay the night with strict orders to be gone by morning, and not wander "where you are not invited". They find their hosts weird but don't think much of it and head to bed after dinner. Allie wanders off in the middle of the night after using the outhouse, and discovers the garage has been converted into a cult worshipping church. She then stumbles upon a crumbling outbuilding where she hears faint cries coming from a child.  Allie runs back and tells Tim what she witnessed, but at first he doesn't believe her. He agrees to confront the Preacher about the voices, but falls into a hypnotized trance while viewing digital photos in the Preacher's camera. The child then walks into the house and plants a seed inside Allie and disappears before being seen. Tim and Allie try to leave the house, but get locked in the house by a supernatural force. Allie calls the police, but is unsure if she got through as the line gets cut off halfway. Allie falls asleep and dreams about being murdered by children in a cornfield. Allie and Tim wake up to headlights flashing into the room and a cop arrives to check on the house but is thrown into the air and killed by the supernatural force. After witnessing this Tim insists on answers from the Preacher, finding out that the supernatural force needs children to survive and has already planted a seed inside Allie.  Come morning, a parcel delivery driver drops things off at the house. He agrees to give Tim and Allie a ride into town. Tim has a bad feeling about the driver so he takes off with Allie in the abandoned police vehicle instead. They get to the main road. The child in the outbuilding then kills Helen and psychokinetically causes Tim and Allie to have a car accident, in which Tim dies. The parcel driver approaches the accident and brings Allie back to the farmhouse where a group of children and their mothers greet her. In a trance, she sits next to the little child in the outbuilding and begins to sing to him. The child is then seen playing with a doll, then drops it on the floor, which causes the cop's corpse to fall from the sky onto the ground.
Eleven year old Bobby lives in Sunshine Beach in California with his police detective father and his best friend, a dog called Chilly. His dad tells him that they are moving to New York City, where they will live in a small apartment. Chilly, being a large outdoor dog and completely unhouse-trained, must stay behind. Bobby, with help from his friends, is determined to achieve a Christmas miracle and train Chilly to live in a flat. When dog thieves come to steal Chilly, the dog remembers the house tricks Bobby taught him and uses them to avoid being caught. Bobby's dad and the police arrive to find the boy and dog safe and the thieves foiled. His Dad decides not to move away and after a second Christmas miracle, snow in California, Bobby and Chilly celebrate, knowing they can stay together.
In Taï National Park in Ivory Coast, Oscar is a young chimpanzee in his toddler years and is part of a close-knit tribe of chimpanzees who occupy a forest territory which is rich in native fruits, nuts, and figs. The chimpanzees hunt small tree monkeys, and they also eat termites collected with primitive tools made from sticks. They also use rocks as tools to crack nuts. Oscar is tended by his mother, Isha, and from her he begins learning many things about how to survive in the jungle. In the chaos of an attack by a rival gang of chimpanzees led by Scar, Isha is injured and separated from the group and her son. As told by the narrator, Isha most probably falls victim to a nocturnal leopard.  Unaware of his mother's death, Oscar spends much of his time looking for her. He has trouble recalling the things she taught him and loses weight quickly. He attempts to find another mother to take care of him. However, none of the females in the group can afford to help him, already having young of their own to raise. As time goes on, Oscar is rejected by all the chimpanzees in the group, until the only one left to approach is the tough-skinned alpha male, Freddy. As Oscar follows Freddy and imitates him, it is soon revealed that this unlikely pairing may work out. The two gradually warm up to each other more and more, until one day Freddy lets Oscar ride on his back, something normally only mother chimpanzees do.  As the rivals prepare for attack, Freddy is forced to take time away from Oscar to organize the other members of the group, and this leaves the young chimpanzee confused. Scar leads a vicious attack, but because of the unity of Freddy's group, they are driven away into the jungle. A few months later, it is revealed that the bond between Freddy and Oscar has continued to grow, and that life in the group is slowly returning to normal.
Roger Lent has worked at the same bank for more than twenty years. He is passed over for a promotion and his wife is not happy because she wants the good life. The family can barely afford a membership at Copper Canyon Country Club, and everyone else has these nice mansions. Roger's boss tells him he has to make more money for the bank in order to get a promotion. One way is to encourage people to invest in Copper Canyon Estates, where Roger's son Henry is being told to cut corners. Roger's daughter Cynthia is having to deal with her first period and becoming a teenager. After getting tennis pro/drug dealer Pat to invest his money, Roger finds out Copper Canyon Estates is a Ponzi scheme and he must decide whether to do the right thing.
Fiona Wagner is studying for a master's degree in Journalism and still grieves for her mother Samantha who committed suicide 3 years ago. Her father, Detective Tom Wagner, is investigating the brutal death of lawyer Elliot Vincent, by the hands of his teenage daughter. His daughter was forced to choose between killing him or having her mother, younger brother and herself killed by a sadistic criminal who broke into their home. When pianist Simon Campbell is forced to choose between losing his fingers or his hearing, Tom realizes a deranged serial-killer is out on a rampage. Meanwhile, Fiona is contacted by the killer using the code name ISO_17 and thus unleashes many unanswered mysteries.
Sarasota, Florida, 1974: Reporter Christine Chubbuck is frequently at odds with her boss, Michael, who wants her to focus less on human-interest pieces and more on crime, which brings in news ratings. She also nurses a crush on her co-worker George Peter Ryan. After experiencing pains in her stomach, Christine's doctor tells her she needs to have an ovary removed, which will result in a decrease in the likelihood of her having children. At work, she learns the station's owner intends to promote some of the Sarasota team with a move to Baltimore.  Eager to earn the promotion, Christine buys a police scanner and begins listening to it, hoping to find grittier stories. Though her co-workers praise her stories, Michael tells her they are not what the station is looking for. Christine tries to do a piece combining documentary and recreation but is shot down by Michael, who also informs Christine that her segment will be replaced. Christine leaves the studio after screaming at Michael in front of the whole station, and him telling her to go home. After taking the weekend off, Christine comes back to work, telling George to ask to take her out so that they can have a conversation. At the restaurant, the pair confide personal secrets.  After dinner, George tells Christine he wants to help her and brings her to a Transactional Analysis self-help group. The group performs an exercise called "Yes, But", in which one person describes their problems and the other person offers solutions. During the course of the game, Christine reveals to her partner that she is a virgin but desperately wants a husband and a biological child. George drops Christine off at home and tells her he is being promoted to the Baltimore team. Alone, Christine drives to the home of Bob Anderson, the owner of the station, where she pretends she has a flat tire. They discuss the Baltimore promotions; Anderson reveals George asked for Andrea, the sports anchor, to be transferred with him, which devastates Christine.  At work, Michael gives Christine permission to do another segment. Christine reads out several minutes of local news. When footage of a crime scene jams and she's asked to stall, she shrugs it off, announces that the station will be airing a live suicide attempt, pulls out a revolver, and shoots herself in the head. Christine falls onto the floor, causing her disbelieving co-workers to realize it is not a prank. She is taken to the hospital, where she eventually succumbs to her injuries. Her mother and colleagues are devastated.  One of them, Jean, puts together Christine's news clippings into a memorial film before returning home, pulling an ice cream from the refrigerator, turning on the television, and singing The Mary Tyler Moore Show theme song, something she earlier told Christine she did as a way of coping with sadness.
The movie follows Alison Grant who is a former figure skating champion. She is now teaching ice skating lessons to children at a local rink. However, her boss cancels her classes for not bringing in enough students. After being let go by the rink, Alison starts out on her own by teaching skating lessons on a friend’s pond. Alison and her nieces hand out Christmas coupons for the new class to bring in students. One of the girls who joins brings her uncle Ivan to class with her. Ivan was Alison’s old high school sweetheart who left her years before when he received an offer to play major league hockey. Initially the two are at odds with each other, but after the cold reunion passes they start to become friends again. Eventually they rekindle their relationship and fall in love.
A botched robbery leads down a destructive path for a  detective (Bailey) attempting to reconcile with his estranged mother (Humes), a coming-apart-at-the-seams amateur photographer (Paul), his vindictive and murderous fiancée (Bega), her secret lover (Perilo) and a mall Santa (Close) struggling to remain sober.
Sloane Spencer (Milian) is an ambitious and self-involved publicist in Los Angeles planning the premiere of her client Caitlin Quinn’s  (Benson) new movie, Snow Angel, on Christmas. Sloane must make the event perfect in order to beat her ex-boyfriend Jason (Ryan Sypek) for a promotion to Vice President, even though Sloane is dating her boss Andrew (Burgess Jenkins), whose family owns the company. Sloane makes plans to work all of Christmas Day rather than spend time with her mother, Vivian (Jackée Harry), or have dinner with her friend Jenny (Ashley Johnson) and her husband Ed (Justin Smith) at their struggling restaurant.  When Caitlin chokes to death on the olive from a martini, her ghost visits Sloane, warning that she needs to change her ways or pay the price. Later, Andrew calls Sloane with the news that Caitlin has died. Sloane goes to the hospital to see the body for herself and runs into her ex-boyfriend Patrick (Murray), who is a doctor at the hospital. Upon seeing Caitlin's body, Sloane worries about the implications for the movie premiere.  The next day, Caitlin's ghost continues to follow Sloane around, interfering in her life. Andrew puts Sloane in charge of Caitlin's memorial, which Sloane decides to combine with the movie premiere. Consequently, everyone at the office has to work overtime, even on Christmas Day. Patrick calls Sloane and asks her out on a date, but she puts off having to give him an answer.  At midnight that night, Sloane is visited by the spirit of "ex-mas past", her first boyfriend, Brad (Patrick Johnson), who shows Sloane how her mother shaped Sloane's materialistic ways; he also reveals that Sloane left Patrick to focus on her career, right before he was going to propose. Since then, she has dated several men, always leaving when it started to become serious. Finally, Brad breaks the news to Sloane that Andrew is cheating on her.  The next day, Sloane dumps Andrew after he admits to cheating on her. Later, Sloane is only worried about how it will affect her career, making her competition with Jason for the promotion heat up even more. Sloane decides to use her dinner reservations that she had with Andrew to have dinner with Patrick instead. On the date, as Sloane and Patrick are about to kiss, Andrew arrives and proposes to Sloane. She says yes, completely forgetting about Patrick.  At midnight that night, Caitlin and the spirit of "ex-mas present", Jason, show Sloane how her thoughtlessness and self-absorption affects those around her. Sloane observes her secretary Ella (Cara Montella) telling her son that she will not be home on Christmas Day, Jenny and Ed talking about how Sloane takes Jenny for granted, and Vivian finding out that her husband will not be home for Christmas and she will be spending it completely alone. Last, Sloane discovers that Andrew was actually on the phone while talking to her about their engagement and sees how upset Patrick was. Both Caitlin's ghost and Jason's spirit want to show Sloane that if she does not change, she is going to end up alone.  The next day, Sloane attempts to fix the relationships in her life. She admits to Jenny that she forgot to put the gift certificates to help Jenny's restaurant in the gift baskets. Sloane then visits Patrick, who tells her that he "could never fall in love with her now".  As she is leaving the hospital, Sloane is visited by the spirit of "ex-mas future", who is dressed like Santa Claus. Sloane visits her mother's house where the maid is trying to convince Vivian to spend Christmas with her family, to no avail. She is spending Christmas alone with her dogs, one of whom she named after Sloane. She questions her mother's mental stability as she always seen Sloane as a person despite the two other dogs being considered her younger brothers. She learns that Vivian's marriage to her last husband fell apart and, since the dogs seem to love her more than Sloane does, Vivian has come to depend on them for support. Next, Sloane visits the future home of Jenny and Ed where they receive a Christmas card from her, which Jenny refuses to read. She discovers that Jenny's restaurant has failed, and she is now a waitress at Applebee's. Sloane also learns that, because her thoughtlessness, Jenny ended their friendship. Finally, Sloane visits the hospital, where she learns that she never sees Patrick again after accepting Andrew's proposal, and that he believes she is shallow and selfish. Sloane insists that she does care about love, and since she and Andrew are engaged, he would never become her ex. The spirit laughs at her and reveals himself to be Andrew, her future ex-husband, who left her because she valued her career more than him.  Inside the hospital, Sloane observes how happy the patients are to have family visit them on Christmas. Slone learns from Andrew that no one came to visit her because they were angry over how she willfully abandoned them in their time of need. As a result, she died alone, just as Jason and Caitlin predicted. Sloane begs Andrew to help her, but he refuses, saying she got what she deserved. Before leaving, Andrew suggests that had Sloane been more caring towards others, she would not have ended up alone.  Sloane wakes up on Christmas Day, determined to fix her life. First, she reconciles with her mother and goes to Jenny's for dinner. Then she goes to the movie premiere/memorial, where she lets Ella go home for the day; and puts all the gift certificates for Jenny's restaurant in the gift baskets. The event is a success and Sloane gets the promotion to Vice President. Once Andrew decides to tell her the good news, Sloane finds a Bluetooth speaker in his ear. Discovering that he had secretly spied on her and Patrick at the restaurant with the woman he cheated on her with, she dumps him. Having accomplished her mission, Caitlin gets her wings and goes up to Heaven after saying goodbye to Sloane. As Sloane is leaving, she and Jason make peace.  At the hospital, Sloane apologizes to Patrick and professes her love for him. Patrick is doubtful and upset that she embarrassed him in public. Sloane tells him that she and Andrew are done for good and she realizes how much she hurt Patrick. In the end, Patrick forgives her and joins her at Jenny's for dinner, where Sloane makes a Christmas toast, surrounded by her loved ones.
Christmas Grace tells the story of two rival toy store owners competing for business over several Christmas seasons. One of them is Gary (RyanIver Klann), a young toy store owner who runs an honest business and who tries to maintain a good reputation with his customers. Things are running smoothly for Gary until his business is threatened when a much larger toy company moves to the neighborhood. The owner of this larger company, Mr. Tollman (Tim Kaiser), is a ruthless businessman who voraciously wants to grow his business and eliminate competition. Since his most immediate competition is Gary's store, he sets his target on him. As the story unfolds, it becomes very clear that God is at work in the lives of these two men, and God's grace and providence work out in ways neither of them could have imagined.
Eric Redford (Jesse Metcalfe) is a popular writer and bachelor, writing books on living single. When he is left in charge of his niece and nephew for the Christmas season, he turns to neighbour April Stewart (Fiona Gubelmann), who loves the holiday season, for help. As the result, he slowly starts to reassess his attitude to Christmas, life and love.
Three sisters struggle to find happiness through the holiday season as the youngest sister and bride to be is traumatized when she discovers that her first love has been hired as her wedding photographer.
Derrick is an aspiring music producer whose major accomplishment is the discovery of DJ Killionaire, an artist now generating millions for record executive Tommy Maxell. Derrick feels cheated by Maxell when he does not receive his believed share of the profits due to fine print in the contract. His lack of income leads to a fight with his father Big Earl, the owner of a children's academy as well as a Christmas tree lot in Compton, California, during the week before Christmas.  Big Earl suffers a heart attack and during his recovery he signs documents giving Derrick co-ownership of the house and the Christmas tree lot in an attempt to teach him responsibility. When Maxell threatens steal female trio Sugar Stuff out from Derrick's management, Derrick seeks revenge on Maxell by posing as an exterminator and robbing a $300,000 pink diamond ring from Maxell's house. He attempts to sell the stolen ring through the intermediary Delicious, a pawn shop owner, but the first prospective buyer is a local criminal who attempts to rob the ring and has to be chased off. Urgently in need of money in order to extend Sugar Stuff's contract, Derrick puts up the Christmas tree lot as collateral for a $150,000 loan from loan shark Ernesto Martinez, who demands repayment and an additional $25,000 in interest by Christmas Eve. Tommy Maxell buys the loan from Ernesto Martinez in order to take the Christmas tree lot as collateral and also hires criminals to steal back the ring from Delicious. Derrick and his friends go on a promotional frenzy for Sugar Stuff by selling their CD all over Compton in order to push their contract price up so that Maxwell will be convinced to tear up the loan in return for being allowed to sign Sugar Stuff to his label. They get involved in a car crash with a local hustler who listens to their story in prison and is moved to help them because his nephew attends Big Earl's academy. His crew rapidly distributes Sugar Stuff's CDs to the local radio stations and distributes their music on iTunes, quickly earning over $100,000. Big Earl forces Derrick to sign back ownership of the Christmas tree lot to him, but the papers are actually for ownership of Sugar Stuff. Big Earl negotiates with Maxell, who agrees to build a community center on the lot and employ Derrick as a producer for the artists on the label in return for ownership of the lot and the ability to sign Sugar Stuff to his label. Big Earl says that he will simply take the money that was made that day and buy another lot with it.
When terminally-ill Suzy Mayor leaves the hospital to spend her last days at her home in Conway, South Carolina, her grouch of a husband, Duncan, is beside himself with concern for her and with annoyance at everyone else, including Natalie, the live-in hospice nurse who has come home with Suzy. When Duncan decides to build a Ferris wheel in the backyard as a Christmas present for Suzy, in honor of the place where Duncan proposed to her, the neighbors and townspeople of this quiet Southern town are quick to object.
Strange electrical currents hurtle towards Earth from outer space. Calvin lives a typical life with his wife Ella and daughter Tina in the fictional East Texas town of Mud Creek It's during the holidays and one night Ella harasses him to put up Christmas decorations on their home. Instead Calvin naps on the couch and then a freak lightning storm from the strange electrical currents causes everyone who sees it to drop dead. When Calvin awakes he finds his wife and daughter seemingly dead. Awash with grief, he lays the two out on their bed. As soon as Calvin turns his back, his daughter rises from the dead and crawls out an open window. Then Ella rises as a zombie and attacks him. After he subdues her, his neighbor Ray shows up and tells Calvin Tina has bitten him and he had no choice but to kill her by striking her with a hammer. Soon Calvin realizes most of the inhabitants of Mud Creek are now zombies.  Flash forward two years and Calvin has adapted to his lifestyle of living in a world full of the un-dead. He keeps his wife Ella chained up on the back porch of his house which is now a small fortress to keep the zombies at bay. He feeds Ella dog food in a dog bowl as he just can't bring himself to kill her for good. He transmits from the local radio station hoping someone will hear him, but it's to no avail. He even greets his former friend Ray, now a zombie after being bitten by Calvin's young daughter, as he drives away to run errands. He then runs into a man shooting zombies and dragging them to his pickup. The man at first thinks Calvin is a zombie and tries to shoot him. When Calvin asks the man what's he doing, he replies "Shooting the shit out of zombies". This is the first living human Calvin has seen in years. G.M. states his 3D glasses he always wears saved him from the effects of the storm. Calvin objects to G.M. shooting the zombies saying they are sick people. "These are my neighbors!" he replies. That night on G.M.'s roof, the two play loud music with a heavy beat and the zombies come pouring out of the woods and "dance" to the beat of the music.  One day some former inmates from a state mental hospital hear Calvin's broadcast on their car radio. The inmates armed with handguns take Calvin and G.M. hostage and then to meet Reverend Mac who rules over the former inmates of the hospital, some of whom are clearly mentally ill, with the cult-like zeal of a Jim Jones. Now it's up to Calvin and G.M. to escape from both the Reverend and his flock of mentally deranged patients and the zombies as well.
Noel, a heartbroken Christmas-tree salesman, returns to New York City hoping to put his past behind him. Living in a trailer and working the night shift, he begins to spiral downwards until the saving of a mysterious woman and some colorful customers rescue him from self-destruction.
After his friends from the Hundred Acre Wood (Winnie the Pooh, Piglet, Eeyore, Tigger, Rabbit, Kanga, Roo, and Owl) throw him a farewell party before he departs for boarding school, Christopher Robin reassures Pooh that he will never forget him. Nevertheless, his rough experiences at school and his father's sudden death force his sudden maturation and he soon forgets the Hundred Acre Wood and his friends there. He later marries architect Evelyn, has a daughter named Madeline, and after serving in the British Army during World War II, works as Director of Efficiency at Winslow Luggages in London, but his demanding job causes him to neglect his family. With the company struggling, Christopher's superior, Giles Winslow Jr., tells him to decrease expenditures by 20%, largely by choosing which employees to lay off, and to present his plan on Monday. Consequently, Christopher misses joining his family at their countryside cottage in Sussex for a summer-ending weekend.  Upon awakening the next morning, unable to find his friends, Pooh decides to travel through the door through which Christopher Robin normally emerged. In London, he reunites with Christopher, who is shocked to see Pooh, but takes him back to his home. After a chaotic night and morning, Christopher escorts Pooh back to Sussex on the next train. After passing his cottage, the two enter the Hundred Acre Wood. Pooh's absent-mindedness and fear of Heffalumps and Woozles exasperate Christopher. Pooh, attempting to return Christopher's compass to him, trips into Christopher's briefcase and his papers spill onto the ground. Christopher angrily reminds Pooh that he has matured, before they are separated in the fog. He falls into a Heffalump trap, which is flooded by rainfall, soaking him and his belongings.  Christopher discovers Eeyore and Piglet, who lead him to the others, hiding in a log from what they believe to be a Heffalump (revealed to be the squeaking of a rusty weather vane from Owl's house after the wind knocked it off its tree during their tea time). Unable to convince his friends of his identity, he pretends to defeat the Heffalump and finally wins them over, and they joyfully greet him. When they reunite with Pooh, Christopher apologizes for getting upset earlier and explains his dilemma. Pooh forgives him, reminding Christopher that they have found each other, and comforts him with a hug. The next morning, Christopher rushes from the Hundred Acre Wood to make his presentation, after Tigger gives him his briefcase. En route, he encounters his family, but then leaves for London, greatly disappointing Madeline.  Pooh discovers that Tigger removed Christopher's paperwork when drying his briefcase, so Pooh, Tigger, Piglet and Eeyore decide to return it. They meet Madeline, who recognizes them from her father's drawings. Madeline joins them, wanting to dissuade her father about sending her to boarding school, and they board a train to London. Evelyn follows after discovering a note Madeline wrote. At his presentation, Christopher discovers that his briefcase contains items from the Wood that Tigger had given him, including Eeyore's tail. Evelyn arrives and Christopher joins her to search for their daughter. Madeline's group stow away in crates, but Tigger, Eeyore and Piglet are accidentally ejected, subsequently encountering her parents. Pooh and Madeline arrive near the Winslow building and reunite with Christopher and the others, but Madeline accidentally trips on some steps and loses all but one of the papers, upsetting her and Pooh. Christopher assures Madeline that she is too important to him to send her to boarding school.  Using the one paper Madeline saved, Christopher improvises a new plan involving selling luggage at reduced prices to ordinary people to increase demand and giving employees paid leave. Winslow Jr. dismisses the idea, but his father Giles Winslow Sr. warmly agrees to it. Christopher further humiliates Winslow Jr. by exposing how he was out golfing all weekend and calls him a Woozle. Christopher finally takes his family and the quartet into the Hundred Acre Wood to meet his other friends. As everyone relaxes at a picnic, Pooh and Christopher Robin both share a tender moment together. In a mid-credits scene, the employees of Winslow's enjoy themselves at the beach while Richard M. Sherman performs "Busy Doing Nothing" on a piano. Pooh, Tigger, Piglet and Eeyore are relaxing on beach chairs with Eeyore saying, "Thank you for noticing me".
The minions of serial killer Jesse "ChromeSkull" Cromeans—locate their employer and bring him back from the brink of death, though the injuries he sustained have left him disfigured. As ChromeSkull recuperates, tended to by an assistant named Spann, his disgruntled second-in-command, Preston, tracks Princess and Tommy, the survivors of the previous film, to a motel. Preston kills Princess, which infuriates ChromeSkull, while Tommy is spared, due to being out at the time of Preston's attack.  Three months later, as Preston (who has become severely disillusioned with ChromeSkull's leadership) searches for Tommy, Spann works on usurping his position in the organization by brownnosing ChromeSkull, selecting a new victim for him (a waitress named Jessica, who is legally blind) and setting up a hideout in an electroplating company. ChromeSkull breaks into Jess's house, kills the girl's visiting friend, and captures her. The police glimpse ChromeSkull on a video Jess was shooting, and bring Tommy into the station to re-interview him, unknowingly saving him from Preston, who had snuck into Tommy's apartment while dressed as ChromeSkull, and murdered Tommy's roommate.  Jess awakens in a coffin in the factory, where Preston taunts her, and orders two workers to create a new weapon. Following a lead, the police send a detective to the factory, and she becomes the test subject for Preston's new weapon, a spring-loaded knife with six blades. Preston then abducts Tommy, leaves him with Jess, and is informed that he has been fired by ChromeSkull, who is aware that Preston has been copycatting and undermining him. The enraged Preston alters his appearance to resemble ChromeSkull (who is on his way to the factory) while Tommy and Jess escape their bonds, and a pair of detectives search for their colleague who had earlier been dispatched to the building.  ChromeSkull and Preston kill the detectives, then fight each other, with ChromeSkull coming out victorious when he decapitates Preston. ChromeSkull takes Preston's weapon, incapacitates Jess and Tommy, and attacks an investigating detective, along with a group of officers. ChromeSkull returns to Jess, but she fights him off long enough for the wounded detective to recover, and shoot the killer. The FBI arrives, takes Jess to a hospital, and tells the detective that they will be taking over his investigation. ChromeSkull escapes the factory, and is next shown in Hollywood conversing with Spann, who assures him that they will find Jess.  In a post-credits scene, the FBI is shown questioning ChromeSkull's pregnant wife, who is unaware of her husband's crimes, convinced that his long absences are due to his job. After the truth is revealed to her, the horrified Mrs. Cromeans grabs an agent's gun, and shoots herself in the mouth.
Seattle teenager Andrew Detmer is bullied at school and abused by his alcoholic father Richard, while also coping with his mother Karen's battle with cancer. His only friend is his cousin, Matt Garetty. Inspired by Matt's on-and-off girlfriend Casey, Andrew buys a camera to make a video diary about his life.  Matt invites Andrew to a party to help him mingle, but he leaves after his filming causes an altercation with another attendee. Popular student Steve Montgomery approaches Andrew and asks him to record a large hole he and Matt discovered in the woods. The three journey down the hole where they discover a glowing crystalline object. The object suddenly begins to react violently and the camera shorts out.  Weeks later, Andrew, Matt, and Steve have developed telekinetic abilities, though they suffer nosebleeds when they overexert themselves. Unable to revisit the hole after it is closed off by police, they start using their abilities to play pranks on people, but it goes too far when Andrew telekinetically pushes a rude motorist off the road into a nearby pond. After the trio manages to save the man from drowning, Matt insists they restrict the use of their powers, particularly against living beings.  After Steve discovers they can have flight abilities, the trio agrees to fly around the world together following graduation, with Andrew, in particular, desiring to visit Tibet. Steve encourages Andrew to use his powers for a magic act in the school talent show, which amazes their peers. Andrew relishes his newfound popularity at a house party, but the night ends in disaster when he drunkenly vomits on a classmate he had intended to have sex with, and Steve accidentally offends him while trying to lighten the mood.  Richard confronts Andrew after finding his camera and beats him. Andrew uses his powers to violently repel him and flees the house. In the middle of a lightning storm, Steve flies out to console him, but as Andrew becomes increasingly frustrated, Steve is suddenly struck by lightning and killed. Andrew denies responsibility when questioned by Matt at the funeral, but later privately begs forgiveness at Steve's grave.  Andrew is once again ostracized at school following the incident at the party. After telekinetically ripping teeth from a bully's mouth, Andrew begins to identify as an apex predator and rationalizes that he should not feel guilty for using his powers to hurt those weaker than him. Desperate to pay for his mother's medication, Andrew disguises himself with his father's firefighter gear and uses his powers to rob a gang and a gas station, inadvertently causing an explosion that puts him in the hospital and police custody. At his bedside, a distraught Richard informs an unconscious Andrew that Karen has died after spending the day searching for him. Richard berates Andrew for allegedly causing his mother's death and prepares to strike him, but Andrew abruptly awakens and blows out the wall of the room.  Matt experiences a severe nosebleed and realizes Andrew is in trouble after seeing a news alert on TV about a mysterious explosion downtown. He and Casey head to the hospital to find Andrew unleashing his rage all over downtown. Matt fights Andrew, crashing through buildings, hurling vehicles, and landing at Space Needle while the police surround them. Matt tries to reason with Andrew, but he is too far gone and threatens other bystanders, so Matt reluctantly kills him with a spear from a nearby statue. Matt flies away before the police can reach him.  Sometime later, Matt lands in Tibet with Andrew's camera, apologizing to him while vowing to use his powers for good and discover the truth about what happened to them. He points the camera at a Tibetan monastery in the distance before flying away, leaving the camera behind.
Chuck Wepner, known as the 'Bayonne Bleeder', is a heavyweight boxer known for his iron chin and reckless behaviour. He lives with his second wife Phyllis and daughter Kimberly in New Jersey. By 1974, he was rising up the boxing ranks hopeful for an eventual fight with the champion George Foreman, defeating Terry 'the Storming Mormon' Hinke in the process. Chuck's trainer and manager Al Braverman receives a call from Don King citing that he will receive a title shot after George presumably beats Muhammed Ali. However, much to Chuck's shock and disappointment, Ali defeats Foreman in The Rumble in the Jungle. After witnessing Chuck flirting with another woman in a coffee shop, Phyllis leaves Chuck.  Al later calls Chuck and says that Don King wants him to fight Ali under the pretences of a "race thing", as Chuck was the only white boxer in the top 10 heavyweight rankings. Al subsequently takes Chuck to the Grand Hotel in upstate New York to train professionally. However, following the one-sided press conferences with Ali and negative press the fight receives, Chuck feels nervous. Phyliss eventually comes to see Chuck, and she forgives and comforts him.  Although the fight is largely one-sided, Chuck defies predictions of being knocked out in the third round, almost going the full distance against the champion and even knocking him down. Despite the loss, Wepner becomes a local hero. Though he is irritated to hear claims from Ali that Wepner's knockdown of him was due to a foot stomp, Chuck enjoys his newfound celebrity and becomes the basis of Sylvester Stallone's film Rocky. However, Chuck becomes increasingly addicted to his fame and begins taking cocaine. He subsequently becomes infatuated with female bartender Linda. Phyllis soon catches on to Wepner's unfaithful behavior and kicks him out of the house.  After engaging in a mixed wrestling/boxing match with Andre the Giant at Shea Stadium, Chuck visits his brother to celebrate the film's success, though he is unimpressed and despondent with the news, much to his disappointment. Instead, he is welcomed by Stallone after meeting him, and Chuck personally assists in the screenplay of Rocky 2. However, he botches his audition for a role as Rocky's sparring partner, leaving him devastated.  Three years later, Chuck's psyche worsens, and he is increasingly disheveled, arriving to Kimberly's parent-teach conference on cocaine. He is later arrested and imprisoned for possession of drugs with intent to sell. During his time in prison, he sees Stallone filming for his movie Lock Up. Chuck soon humbles himself and realizes that he was trying too hard to live up to his superstardom as the 'real Rocky', when he should be appreciative with who he has in his life.  After being released from prison for good behavior, he is given an unsanctioned charity bout with Victor the Wrestling Bear to make ends meet. Afterwards, he is visited by Linda, and the two become a couple.  End credits reveal that Chuck and Linda still live in Bayonne, and that he and his daughter have reconciled and speak daily.
Ella, the kindhearted daughter of a wealthy merchant, lives happily with her parents, until her mother falls ill and dies. On her deathbed, she asks her daughter to always have courage and be kind. Years later, Ella's father marries the widowed Lady Tremaine, who has two daughters of her own, Drisella and Anastasia. When Ella's father leaves on business, Lady Tremaine reveals her cruel and jealous nature, forcing Ella to give up her bedroom to the stepsisters and move into the attic. While away, Ella's father unexpectedly dies. Lady Tremaine dismisses the household staff to save money, forcing all the chores upon her stepdaughter. Seeing her face covered in cinders after sleeping by the fireplace, Ella's stepfamily mockingly dubs her "Cinderella".  Distraught by her stepfamily's mistreatment of her, Ella rides off into the woods. There, she meets Kit, the crown prince, who introduces himself as a palace apprentice. They take a liking to each other, but part without him learning her name. Back at the palace, Kit learns that his terminally ill father plans to throw a royal ball so Kit may choose a princess to marry. Kit persuades the king to invite all the eligible maidens in the land, secretly hoping Ella will come.  Ella, also wanting to see Kit again, refashions her mother's old party dress and attempts to join her stepfamily at the ball. However, they rip her dress and leave her behind. Running into the garden in tears, Ella meets an old beggar woman, who reveals herself to be her fairy godmother. She magically transforms a pumpkin into a carriage, mice into horses, lizards into footmen, and a goose into the coachman. She then turns Ella's ripped dress into an exquisite ball gown, and gifts her a pair of glass slippers. As Ella departs, the Fairy Godmother warns her the magic will end at the last stroke of midnight, and casts a final spell to prevent Ella's stepfamily from recognizing her.  At the ball, Kit is delighted to see Ella, and gives her the first dance. The Grand Duke, who promised Kit to Princess Chelina of Zaragoza for political reasons, expresses annoyance and is overheard by Lady Tremaine. Although surprised to learn Kit is the prince, Ella bonds with him. However, before she can tell him her name, the clock chimes midnight and she flees the palace, losing one of her glass slippers. The Grand Duke pursues her, but Ella manages to hide right before the magic dissipates. Upon returning home, she hides the remaining glass slipper under the floorboards.  On his deathbed, the king gives Kit his blessing to marry Ella. As the new king, Kit issues a proclamation professing his love for the "mystery princess" and requests she present herself. Ella hurries to retrieve the slipper to prove her identity, but Lady Tremaine finds it first. She refuses to allow Ella to marry Kit unless Ella makes her the head of the royal household. Ella refuses, so Lady Tremaine locks her in the attic and breaks the slipper, bringing its remains to the Grand Duke and revealing the truth to him. He agrees to make Lady Tremaine a countess and secure advantageous marriages for her daughters if she keeps Ella hidden forever.  Unaware of these developments, Kit orders the Grand Duke and the Captain of the Guard to find the "mystery princess" by trying the intact slipper on every woman in the kingdom. At Tremaine's house, the shoe fits neither stepsister, and the company prepares to depart, until they hear Ella singing in the attic. Kit, who has secretly accompanied the group, commands the Captain to investigate, forcing Lady Tremaine to release Ella. Ella successfully tries on the slipper and, as she leaves with Kit, forgives her stepmother. Soon after, Lady Tremaine, her daughters, and the Grand Duke leave the kingdom permanently, while Ella and Kit marry and become its most beloved monarchs, ruling with the same courage and kindness that Ella had promised her mother years ago.
When the single parent owner of Cinnamon, a Maltese puppy, falls for a single parent architect, the dog tries to break up the relationship, succeeds, realizes the unhappiness that results, and then tries to reunite the couple.
Fifty people awaken in a darkened room, arranged in two concentric circles around a black dome.  When they attempt to move from their designated platforms or touch the others, alarms sound off.  When someone ignores the warning and leaves formation, a beam from the dome kills them, and their body is quickly removed.  As the others panic, a man attempts to calm them, but the device kills him mid-sentence.  Thereafter, every two minutes, another person is killed.  After several people die, the group realizes that the room's technology allows them to use hand gestures to vote for who dies, while arrows on the floor show each person their own vote but not others'.  They attempt to boycott the vote, but someone is randomly selected to die after two minutes.  Following someone's suggestion, the group buys time to think by deciding in advance to eliminate the elderly for the next selections.  The captives discuss where they are, how they got there, who has abducted them, and why.  A young man, Eric, remembers attempting to flee Los Angeles, and others concur.  Eric says that he was pulled into the air, later waking in a red room with other humans.  The old man next in line agrees, saying he saw and heard aliens.  The disbelieving group eliminates him instead of listening.  After another member of the group aggressively targets a 52-year-old cancer survivor over the objections of people who do not consider her elderly, he is eliminated.  Several people say they recognize the others: a man identifies the woman next to him as his wife, another man identifies the doctor he was having an affair with, and a tattooed man is eliminated after he admits to a cop's accusation of domestic violence.  After several people are quickly eliminated, a black man claims the process has become racist.  Several others dispute this, but when the cop goes on a racist rant, he is selected next.  The captives experiment with voting, find they cannot vote for themselves, and attempt to give one vote to every person in the circle. One man gives a second vote for a pregnant woman, so Eric votes for him; this causes a tie and the man is killed in a run-off vote.  After several take their own lives by leaving formation to buy the others time, an atheist antagonizes the theists who praised the volunteers' faith.  The atheist is briefly saved, but when he mocks the girl beside him for having her boss pay for her breast enlargement, he is killed.  A homophobic lawyer targets a lesbian, and he is killed as a result.  The group realizes that one of the final two people left must not vote (and be killed) to render a winner.  The group creates a schism. One bloc (led by Eric, a Marine, and the cancer survivor) believes that everyone should sacrifice themselves to save a pregnant woman and a little girl, while the other bloc (led by a bearded man and a rich man) wants to eliminate them immediately as a threat to their survival, as they believe everyone is equal and no special privileges should be afforded. The husband and wife team initially vote with the bearded man's bloc but the husband is forced to vote with Eric's bloc when they threaten to eliminate his wife. Under interrogation, the couple admit that they concocted the relationship to curry favor, resulting in the elimination of the "husband".  Eric's faction incurs heavy losses but eliminates the other faction, leaving only Eric, the pregnant woman, the girl, and a silent man who has never voted.  Eric theorizes that aliens have used the process to learn about humanity's values.  After the silent man is eliminated, Eric manipulates the girl to simultaneously sacrifice themselves.  As the girl dies, Eric instead votes to kill the pregnant woman, to the surprise of both, leaving him in a tie with the woman's unborn child.  Eric votes to kill the child, becoming the lone survivor. He awakes in Los Angeles where he joins a group of people that are as varied as the contestants were in ages and ethnicities - including pregnant women - watching a fleet of alien craft float over the city.
Mia, a young woman in a small American Midwestern town, goes to a traveling carnival one evening, where she is urged by a silent clown to visit the carnival's circus and see the Aerialist, the show's star attraction. She is entranced by the Aerialist, but during his act he misses a catch and falls to the ground. She rushes to help him, but then the ground beneath them gives way and they fall into the dreamlike world of Cirque du Soleil. Separated, they travel through the different tent worlds trying to find each other, interacting with the strange and wonderful performers and performances of Cirque du Soleil. Mia and the Aerialist perform an aerial courtship for the grand finale.
The plot line of the film combines a chronological documentation of the 50+ year career of National Track and Field Hall of Fame Coach Bob Larsen with his current day work with long-time protégé, Meb Keflezighi.  The narrative toggles between historical segments and glimpses into the training of an elite marathon champion.  Along the way viewers learn about the success Larsen has had at all levels – high school, junior college, UCLA, the elite club level where he worked in tandem with Coach Joe Vigil to create Mammoth Track Club, and are introduced to Meb's story and learn about the commitment and dedication needed to achieve at world class levels.  The film has some wonderful old photos and super 8 footage from the 70's in addition to some scenic footage of Mammoth Lakes, CA.  It culminates with Meb's inspirational victory in the 2014 Boston Marathon (the year after the bombing occurred).
In 2015, Los Angeles Times investigative reporter Darius "Jack" Jackson is assigned to write about the murder of the Notorious B.I.G.. He meets with the retired and disgraced Los Angeles Police Department (LAPD) detective Russell Poole. In a series of flashbacks, Poole reveals his theory that Death Row Records CEO Suge Knight paid corrupt LAPD officers to murder Wallace and cover it up.  In 1997, just weeks after the Wallace murder, Poole is tasked with investigating the shooting of off-duty black police officer Kevin Gaines by a white detective, Frank Lyga. Poole faces pressure from upper management in relation to the media frenzy involving other recent race-related incidents in Los Angeles, namely the beating of Rodney King and the murder trial of O. J. Simpson. During the course of the investigation, Poole learns that Gaines was on Knight's payroll and had Bloods gang affiliation. Poole's superior officer, Lieutenant O'Shea, refuses to give credence to this theory and orders Poole to close the Gaines-Lyga shooting. Lyga is exonerated but faces a civil suit, with the Gaines family being represented by attorney Johnnie Cochran. Poole confirms from an undercover FBI agent the connection between Knight and Gaines, and he is transferred to the Robbery-Homicide Division to investigate the Wallace murder.  Poole and his partner Fred Miller obtain the names of suspects including David Mack, another LAPD officer in Knight's employ, as well as Nation of Islam member Amir Muhammad and Blood member Wardell Fouse. Poole learns Mack worked security for Wallace and has also been recently tied to a bank robbery. Mack is arrested but does not give up any information related to Wallace's death. Poole begins investigating yet another LAPD officer, Rafael Pérez, after learning that he has been stealing cocaine from the evidence room. Poole tails Pérez and watches him shoot a drug dealer but Poole intervenes and shoots Pérez in self-defense. Pérez is criminally charged and implicates himself and other officers in various criminal activities. Poole is granted his own task force and also prepares to take the stand in Lyga's civil trial where he intends to claim, on the record, that Mack was involved in Wallace's death and that the LAPD is covering it up, but the city settles before the trial commences. Lyga is unable to clear his name and Poole is shunned by the LAPD.  Voletta Wallace files a wrongful death claim against Los Angeles based on the evidence championed by Poole. Mack and Amir Muhammad were named as defendants, but were dropped shortly before the trial began after the LAPD and FBI dismissed them as suspects. Poole resigns in disgrace one month before he was eligible for his pension, which ultimately costs him his family.  Jackson meets with Poole and Voletta who have developed a friendship in the decades since her son's murder. Jackson apologizes to her for previously writing an article implicating her son in the murder of Tupac Shakur; which she accepts. Voletta reveals that she is thankful for Poole's sacrifice in his attempts to solve the murder. Poole informs Jackson that Wallace's earning potential was estimated at $1 billion, and that a civil suit would bankrupt the city. One day, Poole goes to the L.A. Sheriff's Department in an attempt to reopen his investigation, but suffers a heart attack and dies some time after.  Out of guilt, Jackson, using the information he has learned, writes an article about Russell Poole declaring him as a forgotten hero. Jackson's article is received with acclaim, however, he soon resigns from his job, finding the system too hypocritical to celebrate worthy men like Poole. Both the murders of Wallace and Tupac remain unsolved.
The Joker escapes from Arkham Asylum, spraying Joker venom in a nurse's face as he runs and putting her in intensive care. Upon arriving in Gotham City, he kidnaps Councilman Johnson and his son shortly after brutally murdering the Councilman's wife. Determined not to let his archenemy kill anyone else, Batman hunts him through the city. After Councilman Johnson is found dead while his son remains in The Joker's captivity, Batman questions whether his crusade against evil does more bad than good. Batman tracks The Joker to a carnival, where he thwarts the villain's plot of bombing a ferris wheel. He then races to the location of The Joker and the councilman's son, but when the young boy kills The Joker with his own gun, Batman debates if his greatest nemesis' death is a step toward Gotham's peace, or rather a sign that things are getting worse.
Clara Reynolds lives in a historic Connecticut home with her husband Ted, a semi-famous actor. Searching for a shoe she believes she lost on the road, she attempts to report its disappearance at the police station. Her daughters Julie and Riley, working actors and former sitcom child stars, return home to celebrate the birthday of their family dog, Ollie. Belittled by her self-absorbed family, Clara experiences unusual visions around the house, including a ghostly woman begging to be let inside.  Riley buys marijuana from former classmate Joe, whom Ted invites to stay for dinner. A magazine photoshoot of Ted, Julie, and Riley leaves Clara feeling even more overlooked. During dinner, the ghost appears and leads Clara to angrily demand that the family stop mocking her, to no avail. As the others drunkenly dance to "MacArthur Park", the ghost embraces Clara, thanking her. Joe reveals that the Reynolds’ home was built in 1862 by a sea captain for his daughter, Adelia; she was institutionalized before ever entering the house, and her father killed himself in the woods nearby.  Fed up with her family’s disrespect, Clara defaces a self-portrait Ted was painting, while Ted, Julie, and Riley bicker about their careers. Ted, having been fired from a project by Julie’s fiancé, criticizes an audition monologue he makes her perform, and nearly drowns Joe in a punch bowl. While the family performs a séance to summon the spirit of Adelia, Clara locks them in the basement and takes Joe upstairs. She kisses him, but apologizes and leads him downstairs to unlock the door, but instead tries to set fire to the basement. Joe intervenes, but leaves after Clara threatens him with a kitchen knife. She realizes the ghost is Adelia, whose spirit she has allowed into the house.  Ted breaks down the basement door but is unable to find Clara, and Riley is nearly hit by a flowerpot pushed by an unseen force. An erratic Clara confronts her family with the knife, and they discover Ollie has eaten unattended brownies. Disappearing into the woods, Clara appears to kill a coyote. Her family drives Ollie to the veterinarian, and are notified of a drunk woman at the police station, who turns out not to be Clara. Returning home, they find Clara’s bloody shirt at the edge of the woods, and discover her missing shoe in her closet. Driving through town, they discover Clara walking naked, and bring her home. As the family goes to sleep, Clara still hears the voice of Adelia.
The story begins with b-roll of Clark with voice over of an interview with Clark talking about himself in the third person and his artistic creativity and integrity. This is refuted immediately with an interview with Clark's art manager, J.C. who states that he's not been able to get work out of Clark for months other than crude sketches of penises. J.C. reports that he supports the artist financially and expresses his frustration and that his plan is to feed Clark drugs so that he can control him and get him to produce. This is followed by the director of "Clark: The Webseries," Daniel, who explains how difficult it was to film the webseries.  The next scene shows J.C. introducing Daniel to Clark, who is sitting naked in a bathtub with empty bottles of beer and alcohol. Clark is resistant and belittling to Daniel's intrusiveness, while Daniel is obviously uncomfortable with the scene, J.C. insists that filming Clark in his current state is "where the real art is happening."  Clark begins to become agitated and has a rambling fit about his father. They move to another room where Clark is asked to explain his art but is shown that he can't, rambling incoherently and is interrupted by J.C. who gives him alcohol and oxycontin. This relationship between J.C. and Clark is reinforced consistently throughout the movie, while showing a mixture of the webseries' episodes in a linear timeline mixed with behind-the-scenes interviews in a non-linear timeline.  The story introduces the fictitious production company, Exodus Films' executive producer Jazmin, a fundamentalist Christian, who mentions that the material isn't family friendly enough. She quickly is led away from her current lifestyle by J.C. and Clark to follow her true dream of being a mime managed by J.C.. In a silent film style episode, J.C. tells Clark that he's quitting as his manager to focus on "Jazmime's" career and that he is kicking Clark out of the house. J.C. explains on camera that he wasn't sure what Daniel was doing with the silent film style with music from Vivaldi's The Four Seasons, claiming Daniel had become "artsy-fartsy," a claim that Daniel responds by saying he had no choice but to make a silent episode because Clark wouldn't read any lines anymore or speak in English for days, we then see footage of Clark speaking gibberish. Clark is shown struggling with homelessness while J.C. realizes that managing a mime isn't going to be profitable, so he gives her a newspaper classified article implying she should get a job in the porn industry. J.C. goes to search for Clark and finds him 5 feet outside of his door, where Clark shows J.C. his new creation, penis sculptures made out of trash.  Another character, Tito, is introduced as J.C.'s drug dealer, who he calls to get "fuel" to keep Clark awake all night to produce art for an art show that is scheduled for the next day.  Tito arrives with two large bags of cocaine and asks J.C. if he can inject heroin in their apartment.  J.C. complies and Tito overdoses. When discovered that he is dead Clark and J.C. go through his pockets to find his phone in a plan to call his dealer disguising themselves as Tito to get free cocaine.  Clark suggests that they cut off Tito's face and he'll wear it when he confronts the dealer. J.C. then explains in an interview that things turned really dark after that and that he is worried about Daniel.  Clark meets with Tito's dealer, a young kid, while wearing Tito's removed face.  He shoots the dealer and steals his drugs which introduces the third act of the movie, where it is revealed as Daniel's bad LSD trip that is causing confusion.  Clark, Daniel and J.C. cycle through a time loop in Daniel's mind which alters the original story each time. J.C.'s character gradually becomes similar to Hunter S. Thompson and Clark begins killing puppets in an imaginary world. This is inter-spliced with the reality that Clark and J.C. are trying to help Daniel from his bad trip. It is then revealed that they locked Daniel in a room in the basement that they call the "deprivation tank" for a few days. When they find Daniel he is still under the effects of multiple hallucinogens that J.C. and Clark had been secretly giving him for weeks, and they take him to the hospital. The last scene shows Clark being extremely pleased with himself until the interviewer asks him about his influence by his father. This causes Clark to freak out and destroy the four-foot penis sculpture he had been working on for the majority of the story.
During the gods’ battle against the Titans, Hades created the Kraken, a fearsome monster that helped win the gods’ victory. Zeus and his brothers then divided the world amongst themselves; Zeus took the skies, Poseidon the seas, and Hades, deceived by Zeus, was left to rule the Underworld.  Zeus later created the mortal humans, whose worship maintained the gods' immortality. Over time, however, some mortals began to defy their creators. When the human king Acrisius leads a siege at Mount Olympus, Zeus sleeps with his wife Danae, conceiving a demigod son, Perseus. Upon discovering this, an enraged Acrisius locks the queen and her newborn child in a chest and throws them into the sea. Zeus retaliates by striking the king with a lightning bolt, which severely deforms him. Perseus and the now-dead Danae are found by the fisherman Spyros, who raises the baby with his wife Marmara.  18 years later, Perseus and his family watch as soldiers from the city of Argos destroy the statue of Zeus, declaring war on the gods. The soldiers are slaughtered by the Furies, who are controlled by Hades. Hades then destroys the family's fishing vessel; Spyros and his family drown, with Perseus as the only survivor.  Found by another group of soldiers, Perseus is brought before King Kepheus and Queen Cassiopeia, who are celebrating their campaign against the gods. While their daughter Princess Andromeda disapproves of her parents’ rebellion, Cassiopeia furthers her boasts. The revelry is suddenly interrupted by Hades. He kills Cassiopeia by rapidly aging her; threatens to unleash the Kraken upon Argos in ten days, unless Andromeda is offered to it as a sacrifice; and reveals Perseus’s godly heritage. Perseus meets Io, a mysterious woman cursed with immortality, who confirms his origin.  Perseus, Io, and the King's Guard led by Draco journey to the Stygian Witches, seeking a way to defeat the Kraken. To help his son, Zeus tries to give Perseus a sword forged on Olympus, which he refuses. Soon after, they are attacked by the corrupted Acrisius, now known as Calibos, who is working for Hades. During the fight, Draco severs Calibos' hand, forcing him to retreat to a desert where the blood from his injury conjures giant scorpions which attack the group.  They are rescued by a band of Djinn, desert sorcerers who tame the remaining scorpions and lend their aid to Perseus and his group.  They arrive at the lair of the Stygian Witches, who are forced to reveal a weapon to defeat the Kraken: the head of the gorgon Medusa, who resides in the Underworld. Upon arrival, Perseus and his remaining companions enter Medusa's temple lair, while Io remains outside. Medusa kills everyone except Perseus, who finally manages to behead her by using the reflective underside of his shield to see her with his back turned. Upon leaving Medusa’s lair, Calibos appears and fatally stabs Io. As Perseus and Calibos fight, Perseus picks up the Olympian sword and kills his opponent; Calibos’ human form is briefly restored before he dies.  As Io lies dying, she urges Perseus to save Andromeda and Argos.  The winged horse Pegasus arrives and takes Perseus back to Argos while Hades, having manipulated Zeus and the gods into earning their trust, releases the Kraken. Prokopion, a fanatical worshipper of Hades, and his followers take Andromeda to be sacrificed. Perseus arrives in time and exposes Medusa's head to the Kraken, which gradually petrifies and crumbles. Prokopion attempts to kill Perseus, but Kepheus intervenes, and both of them are then crushed by the Kraken's falling claw. Hades confronts Perseus, but the latter, invoking Zeus, hurls his sword at Hades, forcing him back to the Underworld. Perseus rescues Andromeda, who asks him to rule Argos by her side as king, but he declines.
Two high school outsiders join forces in an attempt to overtake the local school board. Guided by their families, they enter the perilous world of politics and in the process, learn a thing or two about love.
In 2003, bearded, long-haired Nathan Flomm is an opinionated, obnoxious business associate of Will Haney, whose company in San Jose, California is about to introduce a new electric car. Flomm objects to the car being named "the Howard" after Haney's son, who is himself named after Howard Roark, hero of The Fountainhead. After Flomm accepts a severance package to cut ties with the company, he becomes a ridiculed public figure when the Howard is a huge success, costing Flomm what would have been his share — a billion dollars.  Ten years later, a balding, clean-shaven Flomm has changed his name to Rolly DaVore and moved to Martha's Vineyard, beginning a new life and making new acquaintances. They include new best friend Frank, now former lover Wendy, and local building contractor Mr. McKenzie.  Frank takes Flomm (a.k.a. Rolly) to a surprise birthday party where he punches Jaspar, the only black person at the party, after a loud welcome by Rolly's friends surprises him. Flomm ruins Jaspar's budding romance with Jennifer, a formerly heavy-set woman, when he advises her to date other men before settling. Jaspar concludes Flomm is a racist. When learning that the rock band Chicago is returning to the Vineyard for the first time in 20 years, Flomm hears a rumor that Wendy had sex with multiple members of the band after that concert. He is upset that everyone seems to know about this but him.  Haney, now a wealthy mogul, arrives on the island with wife Rhonda and begins building an ostentatious mansion on the site of "Blue Heron," the former Stumpo family home. Flomm is relieved that Haney doesn't recognize him, but can't bear to remain on the island. However, inspired by the movie The Fountainhead, Flomm becomes determined to gain revenge for his lost billion dollars by blowing up Haney's mansion. Frank introduces him to explosives expert Joe Stumpo and Stumpo's friend Rags. He then persuades McKenzie, the construction foreman, to let him be part of the crew.  Stumpo needs a detonator. Flomm meets with Tibor, a Chechen criminal, and pays him $1,000. While driving away, Flomm has a fender-bender with Tibor's new car (a Howard). Tibor demands Flomm pay for the damage. Jaspar discovers Flomm's true identity and warns if Jennifer dates another man he will make Flomm's identity known. Jennifer takes up with Tibor. Flomm worms his way into a close friendship with Haney's wife Rhonda, pretending to know about architecture and engineering. Flomm lies to Tibor that Jennifer had performed oral sex on members of the band Chicago.  Flomm concludes from Rhonda's attentions that she is attracted to him, which will now be his revenge, rather than blowing up the Haneys' new house. During a heated argument over who should move their car, Flomm mistakes her passion and kisses her. Rhonda is repulsed, asking: "Are you crazy?"  Flomm proceeds with the plotted destruction of the house, to occur during Chicago's concert performance, when no one will be home. The band tells Flomm that two of them did indeed receive oral sex from Wendy on their previous visit. Jaspar becomes furious at seeing Jennifer with Tibor and informs the local newspaper of Rolly's true identity. Haney turns up at the concert and shocks Flomm by embracing him, saying he's been trying to locate him for years. He wants to pay Flomm the billion dollars, feeling guilty over their falling out. Flomm is elated, but now must stop Stumpo and Rags from destroying the mansion, which, it turns out, is being built for the benefit of sick and underprivileged children. Flomm arrives too late. The house explodes just as a bus filled with children arrives.  The three end up serving three years in prison. Bearded and shaggy-haired again after his release, Flomm returns to Martha's Vineyard, reunites with Frank and runs into Jennifer, who is overweight again. They decide to go on a date. Flomm, after a haircut and shave, is welcomed back by his poker buddies. One refers to Haney and Rhonda having gone back to California. Wendy has inherited millions of dollars from an elderly woman. The friends thank Flomm for destroying the ugly mansion. They say the Chicago concert was great and that everybody had a great time, including the band, as Flomm learns to his horror, Jennifer did perform fellatio on band members this time.
Warden Bernadine Williams oversees the execution of inmate Victor Jimenez alongside the prison chaplain David Kendricks. The attending medical officer fails to find an adequate arm vein and begins to panic. Bernadine gives the medical officer permission to use the femoral vein. The execution goes awry and Victor writhes on the table before his heart finally stops.  One of Bernadine's inmates is Anthony Woods, a quiet man who continues to maintain his innocence and refuses to talk to Bernadine when she visits his cell on death row. Bernadine is well acquainted with Anthony's lawyer, Marty, who has been fighting to free his client for the past seven years. Bernadine learns through Marty that Anthony has lost his final appeal. She begins to make preparations for his death. At home, Bernadine suffers from insomnia and recurring nightmares.  While she maintains an outwardly calm and professional appearance, she struggles emotionally, drinking heavily after work and feuding with her husband, Jonathan. Jonathan, a high school teacher, wants Bernadine to quit her job as he sees how heavily her work has been weighing on her. After an argument on the night of their wedding anniversary, Jonathan leaves Bernadine and checks into a motel.  Anthony receives a letter from his former girlfriend Evette, informing him that he is a father. He consents to see her during visiting hours, where she reveals that she hid her pregnancy from him and raised their son with another man because it was a better life for their child than with a father on death row. She offers to let Anthony see his son before he is executed.  Having exhausted the number of court appeals, Marty files an appeal hoping for a last minute pardon from the state governor. He makes television appearances and continues to visit Anthony often. Bernadine visits Chaplain Kendricks and asks him to not give up on Anthony. Jonathan returns home and reconciles but Bernadine continues to keep her emotions to herself.  On the day of his execution, Anthony waits for Evette and his son but they fail to show up. Bernadine leaves voicemails on Evette's phone to no avail. As Marty and Chaplain Kendricks offer Anthony solace, the governor's office calls the prison to inform they will not grant clemency.  Anthony is escorted to the execution room and strapped into the execution table. In his final statement, Anthony speaks to Mr. and Mrs. Collins, the parents of the man he was convicted of murdering. He expresses sorrow for their loss and reasserts his innocence. He thanks Marty and Chaplain Kendricks for their help throughout the years. Bernadine weeps as she watches him die.
Karen (Marrero), reeling from the end of a same-sex relationship, seeks refuge in her ex's lake house and meets Lana (Sweeney), a provocative young woman with whom she explores a complicated new relationship.
A popular vlogger, Bailey, is upset when she loses her status on vlogging site, str33ker.com, to a competing creator who is diagnosed with cancer. When Bailey starts getting stalked, her popularity rises again, and she is not so eager to have the crime solved. With incompetent police detective Dobson assigned to the case, the culprit will probably not be caught.
The film is a story of an ill-fated romance between a young and beautiful Greek village girl and a conflicted Turkish officer during the dawn of the Greek War of Independence against the Ottoman Empire in 1821. Twenty-year-old Anna Christina (Tania Raymonde) is smitten by Colonel Tariq (Jan Uddin), a rising star in the Turkish army who has growing doubts about his countrymen's brutal methods of governance, and who had once spared her life on a cliff-top when she was a child. However, their budding romance brings tragedy to her family and her village.  Swearing revenge against the Turks, Christina joins the Greek rebellion and inadvertently becomes a local symbol of the Greek resistance movement, inspiring her countrymen and attracting the ire of the Turks, who place a bounty on her head. Having believed that she could leave her feelings behind, Christina must face off against the man who still loves her and wants to keep her safe, but who has now been tasked with her capture. Their encounters and skirmishes inevitably lead to a tragic confrontation during a pivotal battle between the Greeks and Turks that will change the course of history.
Climate Change Denial Disorder is structured in the form of a spoof public service announcement. The narrator begins the film by introducing the fictional disease with a question for the viewer: "Does your parent, grandparent or political representative suffer from Climate Change Denial Disorder? CCDD is a rapidly spreading disease that, world health officials say, if left untreated, could destroy the entire planet."  Ed Begley Jr. portrays a politician unaware of the environmental changes occurring around him. He is shown attempting to paddle a canoe through a paved parking lot. The politician smiles while gazing directly at the viewer and says:  "I’m gonna wait til more horrible shit happens to our planet — and I'm a senator, so fortunately, I get to make those decisions for all of us."  The narrator explains the mechanism of the disorder while an illustrated video of the brain is displayed: "Climate Change Denial Disorder is a rapidly spreading disease that attacks the neurons, making it impossible to comprehend basic words." Words eventually removed from comprehension by those suffering from the disorder are said to include: "factual", "science", and "melting".  Another man says to the camera that he feels global warming is "a bunch of New Age hooey garbage". He goes on to exclaim: "It's snowing right now, who cares if I'm in Southern California!" He explains his thinking behind ignoring scientists, stating: "I'm not a scientist. Who listens to those nerds anyway?"  A woman faces the camera and states her disbelief that Earth's polar ice caps are melting. She gives her rationale for what is occurring: "I believe the polar bears are just getting fatter and weighing them down. Ever think of that, hippies?"  The narrator concludes the film by stating: "56 percent of Republicans in Congress have been severely infected with CCDD and need your help immediately."
Fern is a high school student with a problem: her ex-boyfriend Robert returned from the grave as a ghost. Their relationship wasn't entirely a happy one, since Robert was clingy and smothered her, which led to their breakup. Initially, Fern tried to make things work, but quickly determines that a relationship between a ghost and a living person would not be successful, especially as she has begun to spend time with Harlan, a football player. After Robert subjects her and others to a series of supernatural attacks, Fern turns to her track coach Valeria, who doubles as a ghost hunter. Valeria gives her a series of tools that could help her get rid of Robert's ghost, which includes pills that give her the ability to see ghosts. Fern is finally forced to tell Robert that she doesn't think that the two of them can be together since she's of the living, only for Robert to then change his tactics. Instead of trying to romance her, Robert has decided that the only way they can be together is to kill Fern so that their ghosts can be together. He enlists several other ghosts to help in his efforts, making it necessary for Fern to bring her family and Valeria into the fight. Eventually, Fern and Robert have a face off, during which she manages to convince him to let her go, causing him and the other ghosts to vanish. The film ends with Harlan asking Fern out on a date, to which she replies that she'd like to be single for a while before starting to date again.
Dr. Jane Mathis (Vinessa Shaw) is a psychiatrist and an expert at confrontational therapy. Two years prior, she had a patient, Nora Green, who attacked her and attempted suicide in her office. As a result, Dr. Mathis developed PTSD and sleep paralysis, which led her to seek help from Dr. Terry Drummond. She has also begun to date a police officer named Miles Richardson. Against Dr. Terry's advice, she continues her practice as a psychiatrist, albeit not prescribing medication. She reluctantly agrees to see a new patient, Alex, whose face was disfigured from a car accident. One night, he is seen sleepwalking inside her house, prompting Jane to call the police. Alex persuades her to continue their sessions, appealing to her expertise and understanding.  In flashbacks, it is revealed that Nora began seeing Jane because she was being abused by her father. After confronting him, Nora attacked Jane, who received severe stab wounds to her arms. In present-day, Jane visits the institution where Nora was hospitalized and is informed that Nora was discharged due to lack of money after her father's death. She sees footage of Nora's sessions at the institution, which reveals Nora's violent rage anytime she speaks about her father. Jane installs security cameras around her home, and reveals to Alex her previous failure with Nora, chalking it up to relying too heavily on medication. Alex recalls more of his accident; after helping pull a couple from their totaled car, he noticed his daughter wandered into the path of an oncoming truck. Both were struck, but only his daughter was killed.  Strange things continue to occur in Jane's house, such as dirty footprints and bloody photographs. Miles notices that someone has tampered with the security system, as whole hours of footage are missing. Jane refuses to press charges against Nora for fear that she will be sent back to the institution and drugged. She later steals prescriptions from Dr. Terry, having run out of her own medication. Alex shows up at her house even though Jane had canceled all her patients and she explains that there needs to be boundaries between doctor and patient. In another bout of sleep paralysis, Jane relives the horror of Nora's attack two years ago. When she awakes disoriented, Nora appears and attacks Jane. In self defense, Jane stabs Nora in the head, killing her.  Jane is institutionalised, enduring confusion and heavy sedation. The resident psychiatrist shows her security footage from her home, which reveal that during a drug-induced hysteria, she attacked and killed Miles. She is to be held in the institution until her trial. Days pass and one night, Jane sees Nora hanging from the tree outside. Her friend Clara visits but when she leaves, she is tasered by Alex. The psychiatrist condescendingly explains to Jane that Nora had said she killed her father but her father was alive and was paying her hospital bills. He says Nora killed herself by hanging after she left the hospital and accuses Jane of driving Nora to insanity. Jane realizes Nora's father is Alex and breaks out of the institution. In the same way as Clara, she is tasered.  She wakes up in her home and sees Clara dead. Alex enters and explains that he wanted to punish her for trying to help Nora, his daughter. Nora had attacked him in self defense, which led to his disfigured face, and he staged the car accident to explain his injuries and make it onto the donor list for a skin graft. He also stopped paying Nora's bills to get her out, and made her break into Jane's house and psychologically torment her. The night of the murder, Alex had broken in and drugged Jane, which led her to accidentally kill Miles.  Jane finds Dr. Terry in a pool of blood. While attempting to escape through the window, she is pulled back by Alex. She grabs at his face and pulls off the grafted skin as she falls. She returns to the house and sees Alex sitting on the couch, faceless and presumably dead.
While in South Sudan on a routine mission, close protection officer Sam Carlson saves two journalists she is protecting when their vehicle is attacked by local insurgents.  Zoe Tanner, the troubled child and heir of recently deceased business tycoon Eric Tanner, discovers she has been left all of her father's shares in his company, Hassine Mining. This shocks and angers her stepmother, Rima Hassine, whose family founded the company and who has taken over Eric's position as CEO. Having succeeded in negotiating a billion dollar deal for phosphate mining in Zambia, Rima demands that Zoe accompany her to the family house in Morocco while she completes the deal.  Rima hires the female Sam to act as Zoe's bodyguard for the trip, as her previous, married, bodyguard was fired for having sex with Zoe. Upon arriving at the family's fortified kasbah, Zoe demands that Sam remain for the full time she has been paid, and stay the night. Later that evening the safehouse's security system is breached, locking the property down and trapping its inhabitants. Heavily armed intruders kill multiple members of the security team. The intruders make their way to Zoe's room, killing en route the head of security, Alik.  Zoe escapes with Sam, and they are picked up by responding police officers. Although the officers assure them they are being taken to a police station, Zoe (who speaks Arabic) overhears them discussing a private address and money. Sam fights and disarms the officers, but Zoe ends up shooting one of them with Sam's sidearm. The two escape on foot into Casablanca and take refuge in a hotel. News of the incident causes share prices in Hassine Mining to drop considerably, potentially enabling their competitor Sikong to steal the deal.  Sam promises to get Zoe out of the country and is later joined by her boss and former lover, Conall. Their escape plan is for the three of them to travel as a family to Tangier and take the ferry to Spain. They are ambushed at the hotel by men who kill Conall. Sam saves Zoe from being taken by brutally fighting and killing two of the men.  Unable to leave the country without passports, Sam and Zoe travel to Hassine Mining headquarters to meet Rima. There they witness her in the car park with one of the suspicious men from the hotel. They follow him to a local marina, but Sam is noticed and the two fight; Sam impales him with a large fishing hook. Looking through his wallet, Sam and Zoe discover he is a police officer and had Rima's login details for the house security system.  While meeting with the selling company, Rima is confronted by a member of the competitor Sikong, who makes further threats on Zoe. Sam and Zoe return to the abandoned safehouse, where Zoe discovers that Sam previously had a child whom she put up for adoption at 16. During a meeting to finalize the mining deal, Rima receives a notification that her phone has been accessed by the house security system, and she leaves without signing the mining deal. The house is surrounded by corrupt members of the police, who refuse to allow a detective from Casablanca working with Rima to enter.  Rima arrives by helicopter. She reveals to Zoe that she is being blackmailed by Sikong and that she is not responsible for the attempts on her life. She is attacked by the mercenaries and corrupt officers, although Zoe and Sam intervene and eventually save her. Sam is wounded in the wrist. With Zoe and Rima safe, and the threat over, Sam leaves to head home but promises Zoe she will call her daughter.
The film tells the story of Kristy who, wakes up to find herself trapped beneath the ruins of a dilapidated wooden roller coaster inside an abandoned amusement park. She quickly finds herself being terrorized by the myths and urban legends that have become part of Chippewa Lake’s 130-year history. While attempting to escape, Kristy runs into James, whose parents are the caretakers of the park.  James listens to Kristy and helps her investigate.  James discovers that he, too, is now trapped inside the park. Kristy and James encounter a mysterious carny in clown makeup, who once was responsible for operating the amusement park’s roller coaster but who died many years previously.  He advises the couple that their only escape is to relive and survive all the life-threatening tales from the park’s past and to ride the now-operational rides in the park one final time.
Dr. Victor Reed (Jeremy Childs) is a humorlessly committed biological scientist with a privately funded genetic experimental laboratory secreted away on a locked floor in a hospital. We first encounter him as he's delivering Elizabeth, a seemingly normal infant who's nonetheless very special as the first of her kind. Reluctantly if cryptically announcing this breakthrough to the public (he refuses to name anyone involved in the baby's conception or birth besides himself, or to let her be seen as yet), he braves an immediate firestorm of pushy press inquiries, as well as outrage from those who believe such scientific explorations represent a grave offense against God and nature. Others note the great medical advances that cloning might help instigate, but they're generally shouted down by the pious and appalled.  The outcry is such that government authorities are pressured to drum up criminal charges against Victor. Worried about security, he transfers the baby from the lab to his own home, a gated country estate where wife Claire (Shannon Hoppe) is already fed up with his workaholic neglect of their own “normal” family, including two preschool daughters. While she can't help but take a maternal interest in Elizabeth, the tense atmosphere worsens as protestors and media discover the baby's new location — as leaked by lab assistant Laura (Emily Landham), who has serious ethical and safety worries over the doctor's treatment of his experimental progeny.  Perhaps even more perilous than the rising clamor outside, however, is a ticking time bomb within: A couple (Shelean Newman, David Alford) who work for the household are also charged with minding a murkily explained older child who is evidently the product of a less successful, earlier cloning attempt. Kept in barred quarters away from the main building (and little seen until the end), the increasingly violent, misshapen Ethan (Isaac Disney) inevitably busts out to go on a rampage, terrorizing all in the climactic reel.
Post-war Communist Romania: In 1959 Bucharest, members of Romania's high society Max Rosenthal (Mark Strong), Alice Bercovich (Vera Farmiga), Dumi Dorneanu (Tim Plester), Răzvan Orodel (Joe Armstrong) and Iorgu Ristea (Christian McKay), known collectively as Ioanid Gang, announce to a crowd that they are shooting a film. A young café worker, Virgil (Harry Lloyd), is among the witnesses. Under the guise of making this film, the Ioanid Gang perform a heist of the National Bank of Romania. The following day, Virgil loiters around a film set and encounters the director, Flaviu (Allan Corduner), who requests him to buy vodka and give it to him whenever he asks.  Eight months before the heist took place, Max, Dumi, Iorgu and Răzvan, heroes of the resistance during World War II, celebrate New Year's Eve and the start of 1959. Max is divorcing his wife, Sonia (Monica Bîrlădeanu). Alice returns from Moscow with her and Max's son, Mirel (Marcin Walewski), in tow. She re-introduces Mirel to his father, and they begin to bond.  One night, the Gang celebrates Dumi's birthday and reminisce about their early lives as revolutionaries. For fun, they plot the heist in order to rile up anti-Communist Romania, but then realize that Max is taking their conversation seriously. He convinces Dumi, Iorgu and Răzvan to join him, but Alice says no as she has to raise Mirel. She changes her mind, however, when she learns that Mirel wants to join as the fifth person. Alice becomes enraged during the robbery when she sees Mirel filming it. After a couple of months, Iorgu unintentionally implicates himself, and the group is individually located and arrested by Comrade Holban (Anton Lesser) and his police officers. Their arrests happen on the same day as the Luna 2 landing on the Moon.  One year later, Virgil is an experienced camera assistant. He is called in by his boss, who informs him of a short film about to start production. Virgil is assigned to record it. It is then revealed that the film is a propaganda piece about the Ioanid Gang's crime. The group, who have been convicted and are awaiting their execution, are ordered by the Securitate to star in the film. Later, Virgil informs Flaviu that he was present during the robbery and its danger has been greatly exaggerated by the authorities. When the Gang arrive for filming, Alice begins to bond with Virgil. When Flaviu gets drunk and passes out, Max takes over directing. While setting up a shot, he secretly gives Virgil contact details for the Gang's loved ones, requesting he contact them to let them know the group is alive and in prison. Later, Virgil makes an anonymous call to the first person on the list, and continues to do so with the help of his landlord Moritz (David de Keyser).  One night, Virgil is taken to Holban's house. Holban reveals that he knows Virgil has been doing favours for the Gang, and asks him to keep doing so in order to win their trust. He asks Virgil to find the sixth member of the group, Alice's son, as the Gang will be executed soon. During a commotion on set one day, Alice slips away. Virgil follows her to a house, where she says goodbye to her son. Afterwards, they have dinner at Virgil's house and sleep together. The next morning, Alice surrenders to the guards keeping surveillance outside, and leaves Virgil with sealed instructions. Virgil is approached by Holban and asked to write the address of Mirel, but he feigns unawareness.  Max's ex-brother-in-law (Darrell D'Silva) arrives and relieves Holban of duty due to negligence and exhaustion. Max asks him to send the Gang into space instead of executing them, but he angrily retorts that astronauts should be heroes and not traitors. Alice's letter asks Virgil to organize Mirel's Bar Mitzvah, which he does. Iorgu, Dumi, Răzvan and Max are sent before the firing squad. In voiceover, Alice says that, at the last moment, her sentence was changed to life imprisonment because she had fallen pregnant. The audience is then told that Alice emigrated to Israel with Mirel and her daughter.
Kayla Morgan begins training to win the "Fire and Ice" snowboarding competition alongside her boyfriend Nick Swift, the son of team coach Sebastian Swift. The previous year, a video went viral of famous snowboarder Will Cloud failing to perform a move he created called “Cloud 9,” causing Will to end his snowboarding career and find work at his family's dog kennel. While riding Will’s sled, Kayla crashes into a mountain lodge sign, demolishing it and the sled in the process.  Her parents, Richard and Madeline, offer to fix the sign, but Kayla has to work at the kennel to replace Will’s sled. Will tells Kayla that she only made the team because of her dad’s donations to them. Kayla is later kicked off the team due to the accident. She confronts Nick about his unwillingness to defend her, and Nick eventually admits that she isn’t good enough to win Fire and Ice.  The next day, Will arrives at the kennel with his friends, Dink and Sam. When Kayla overhears Will lecturing Sam about his snowboarding technique, she realizes Will is a more talented snowboarder than he is given credit for. Nick breaks up with Kayla, believing she is distracting him from the competition.  Kayla asks Will to train her for Fire and Ice, offering to remodel the kennel in exchange, but Will refuses. Will says there would be no point since she doesn’t have a team to train with, but Kayla decides to form a team with Will’s old teammates, calling them the Hot Doggers. She then learns that the Swifts have replaced her with famous snowboarder Skye Sailor. Will eventually agrees to train Kayla. Under Will’s guidance, her performance greatly improves, though Nick grows jealous at the budding friendship between the two.  Impressed by the remodeled kennel and grateful towards Kayla for restoring Will’s former passion, Andrea agrees to give the two a day off. While out with Will, Kayla asks him to join the Hot Doggers. The next morning, Kayla overhears her father worrying that she will lose to the Swifts, which strengthens her resolve.  Later, Kayla asks Will to teach her the Cloud 9, but Will says she is not ready. Determined, Kayla takes a helicopter to the top of the notoriously tall Tyson's Peak and bravely snowboards down the mountain, unaware that she is being broadcast on TV from the helicopter. On the way down, she causes an avalanche that buries her under the snow. When Will and Donald rescue her, Kayla admits that she boarded down the peak to impress Will into teaching her the Cloud 9.  After being ridiculed by Nick for taking a fall while boarding, Will finally agrees to teach Kayla the Cloud 9. After a few failed attempts, Nick arrives and tells Will that he would be at fault if Kayla were to injure herself. Will accuses Kayla of being obsessed with winning Nick back, and the ensuing argument culminates in a kiss. Later, Kayla is invited to rejoin the Swifts by Sebastian, and she accepts.  However, Kayla changes her mind and rejoins the Hot Doggers before the competition. Nick wins the men’s title at Fire and Ice, making Kayla the only chance the Hot Doggers have left against the Swift team. Skye delivers an impressive performance, ensuring Kayla can only beat her with a near-perfect score. Right before her round in Run 2, Richard apologizes to Kayla for not believing in her. Nick, tired of the constant pressure from his father, then reveals to Kayla that he was forced by Sebastian to comply in kicking Kayla off the team. Kayla, now more determined than ever to beat the Swifts, decides she will perform the Cloud 9. She successfully lands the Cloud 9, scoring perfect 10 points from all the judges and making the Hot Doggers overall winners of Fire and Ice. Kayla and her friends celebrate her victory, and even Sebastian applauds her, now regretting his decision to remove her from the team.
The story jumps between eras, spanning hundreds of years, until each storyline eventually resolves. Writings from characters in prior storylines are found in future storylines. Characters appear to recur in each era, but change relationships to each other. Slaves or abusers often change roles, suggesting reincarnation or other connection between souls through the ages.  In the Chatham Islands, 1849, American lawyer Adam Ewing witnesses the whipping of Autua, an enslaved Moriori man. Autua stows away on Ewing's ship and persuades him to advocate for Autua to join the crew as a free man. Autua saves Ewing's life before the ship’s doctor, Henry Goose, can poison Ewing and steal his gold under the guise of treating him for a parasitic worm. In San Francisco, Ewing and his wife denounce her father's complicity in slavery and leave to join the abolition movement.  In 1936, English composer Robert Frobisher finds work as an amanuensis to aging composer Vyvyan Ayrs, allowing Frobisher to compose his own masterpiece, "The Cloud Atlas Sextet". Frobisher reads from Ewing's journal among the books at Ayrs's mansion. Ayrs demands credit for the sextet and threatens to expose Frobisher's bisexuality if he refuses. Frobisher shoots and wounds Ayrs and goes into hiding. Frobisher finishes the sextet and shoots himself before Frobisher’s lover Rufus Sixsmith arrives.  In San Francisco, 1973, journalist Luisa Rey meets Sixsmith, now a nuclear physicist. Sixsmith tips off Rey to a conspiracy to create a catastrophe at a nuclear reactor run by Lloyd Hooks, who secretly promotes oil-energy interests. He is killed by Hooks's hitman, Bill Smoke, before he can give her a report as proof. Rey finds Frobisher's letters to Sixsmith, just as Frobisher had found Ewing's journal earlier.  She tracks down Frobisher's obscure sextet in a record store.  Scientist Isaac Sachs passes her a copy of Sixsmith's report. Smoke kills Sachs by blowing up his plane and then runs Rey's car off a bridge, destroying the report.  With help from the plant's head of security, Joe Napier, Rey evades another assassination attempt, and Smoke is killed. With a copy of the report from Sixsmith's niece, she exposes the plot and has Hooks indicted.  In London, 2012, gangster Dermot Hoggins murders a critic after a harsh review of his memoir, generating huge sales.  Hoggins's brothers threaten the publisher, the aging Timothy Cavendish, for Hoggins's profits.  Timothy's brother, Denholme, tells him to hide at Aurora House.  On the way, Timothy reads a manuscript based on Rey's story. Believing Aurora House is a hotel, Timothy signs in, only to discover he has unwittingly committed himself to a nursing home where all outside contact is prohibited; Denholme reveals that he sent Timothy there as revenge for an affair with his wife. Timothy escapes with three other residents, resumes his relationship with an old flame, and writes a screenplay about his experience.  In 2144, Sonmi-451 is a "fabricant", a humanoid clone indentured as a fast food server and implied sex worker in a dystopian Neo Seoul. She is exposed to ideas of rebellion by another fabricant, Yoona-939, who has obtained a clip of the movie about Cavendish's involuntary institutionalization. After Yoona is killed, Sonmi is rescued by rebel Commander Hae-Joo Chang, who exposes Sonmi to the banned writings of Aleksandr Solzhenitsyn and the full film version of Cavendish's experience.  Hae-Joo eventually introduces her to the leader of the rebel movement, and shows her that clones when 'freed' are actually recycled into "Soap", food for fabricants. Sonmi makes a public broadcast of her revelations before the authorities attack, killing Hae-Joo and recapturing Sonmi. After recounting her story to an archivist, she is executed.  In 2321, the tribespeople of the post-apocalyptic Hawaii worship Sonmi; their sacred text is taken from her recorded testimony. Zachry Bailey's village is visited by Meronym, a member of an advanced society called the Prescients.  Prescients use nuclear powered ships and remnants of high technology, but are dying from a plague.  Meronym is searching for a forgotten communication station on Mauna Sol to send an SOS to off-world humans. In exchange for healing Zachry's niece, Catkin, Meronym is guided by Zachry to the station where Sonmi made her recording. Returning home, Zachry finds his tribe slaughtered by the cannibalistic Kona tribe. He kills the sleeping Kona chief and rescues Catkin before he and Meronym fight off the other Kona tribesmen. Zachry and Catkin join Meronym and the Prescients as their ship leaves Big Island. On a distant planet, Zachry is married to Meronym and recounts the story to his grandchildren.
Stella and Dotty are an older lesbian couple from Maine who embark on a Thelma and Louise-style road trip to Nova Scotia to get married after Dotty is moved into a nursing home by her granddaughter. Along the way they pick up Prentice, a hitchhiker travelling home to Nova Scotia to visit his dying mother, and the three bond as they travel together."Cloudburst stars hit Halifax". The Chronicle Herald, December 6, 2012.
Kent McCoy, a real estate agent, is a loving husband and father who hosts a birthday party for his young son Jack. However, the clown hired for their party is unable to make it. Kent discovers an old clown costume in the basement of a house he is selling and puts it on. After the party, he falls asleep wearing the outfit, and the following day finds he can't take it off.  He is forced to wear the costume to work, where he again tries to remove it. When he returns home, he complains about the situation to his wife, Meg. She is able to remove the fake nose but unintentionally wounds him in the process. The family dog, Shadow, accidentally eats the fake nose. Meg also realizes the clown's wig has become Kent's natural hair. Kent starts to exhibit strange behavior and experiences a deep sense of hunger, eating all the food in the house.  Kent enlists the help of Herbert Karlsson, the suit's previous owner. Karlsson begs him not to touch the costume, but after learning Kent is already wearing it, insists on meeting him at the old costume warehouse. Kent learns that the outfit is the hair and skin of an ancient Icelandic demon called the "Clöyne". Karlsson drugs Kent, revealing that dismemberment is the only way to prevent the metamorphosis and possession. Kent fights back and subdues Karlsson, and while driving him to the police station to report the assault, his fingers and toes begin to grow excessively, causing him to crash the car.  Kent decides to try to kill himself and goes to one of his properties. He shoots himself in the mouth, spattering the wall with rainbow blood, but quickly regenerates and survives. He then meets a child named Robbie who attempts to befriend him. Kent tries to behead himself with a pair of buzz saws, but a fluke accident causes the saw blades to shatter apart, killing Robbie. Kent suddenly feels the urge to eat the child after tasting his blood and does so before Meg finds him. Once at home, Kent tells Meg to chain him up in the basement, telling her not to let him out. He learns from Jack that one of his classmates, Colton, had bullied him at school. Kent finds the bully and eats him.  Meanwhile, Meg is nearly attacked by Shadow, who has become possessed after eating the Clöyne's nose, but is rescued by Karlsson, who decapitates the dog. He tells Meg that the wearer can remove the suit only after eating five children. She also learns that Karlsson put on the costume to entertain the children at a hospital where his brother Martin worked many years ago. Martin smuggled five terminally ill children to feed the demon to free his brother. When Karlsson was released from the costume, the brothers tried and failed to destroy it.  Kent fully succumbs to the demon and sneaks into a local Chuck E. Cheese, where he devours one child in the ball pit and another in the tube slides. Blood and a severed arm flow down the slide, causing a panic, and the play zone and restaurant are evacuated. Meg finds Kent as Karlsson attempts to decapitate him with an axe. Before Kent can kill Karlsson, Meg tries to communicate with him. Instead, the demon orders her to find and feed him one more child in return for Kent's release. She must bring the fifth child to their "special place." Otherwise, the Clöyne will find and kill Jack. However, Meg refuses.  Meg rushes home and meets with her father Walt. The Clöyne sneaks into the house and kills Walt. Meg fights against him, but the demon attempts to devour their unborn baby from her womb. Meg yells out for Jack to run, distracting the demon. The Clöyne leaves to search for him, but Meg slits the demon's throat. The Clöyne throws Meg into a wall before leaving again to search for Jack. He eventually tracks Jack to the basement, where Jack is hiding under the stairs. The demon eventually finds him and attempts to devour him, but Meg arrives and chains his neck to a water heater. Meg knocks his head off with a hammer and apologizes to Jack for everything. However, due to a muscle still attached to the body, the Clöyne revives. Meg finally rips off the demon's head, killing both the monster and Kent. While embracing her son, she watches in horror as the Clöyne's skin melts away, revealing her decapitated husband. The film ends with the costume along with Kent's possessions being packed away by the police as evidence during Kent's autopsy.
Griselda Blanco grows up in poverty in Colombia, and commits her first murder after being forced into childhood prostitution. She eventually comes to live in the US with her first husband and three sons Dixon, Uber, and Osvaldo. She earns money by creating fake passports for cocaine smugglers, and moves into the smuggling trade herself when she realizes that using beautiful women as mules will lower the chances of them being caught.  Griselda, fed up with her abusive marriage, leaves her husband and takes her children. She meets Carolina, an American woman with whom she begins a romance. Griselda soon gets remarried to a man named Alberto Bravo, but keeps Carolina as a companion for years.  After moving to Miami, Griselda's drug empire quickly grows. She comes up with the idea to put assassins on motorcycles as they will be able to move around the city faster than with cars. She does business with Pablo Escobar back in Colombia, and becomes the queen of the cocaine trade. As a result, Miami sees a steep rise in crime.  Griselda and her family are pushed to the edge by the stress of their illegal business. Her three eldest sons have all become dangerous gangsters. Her marriage falls apart and Carolina dies of a drug overdose. Her fourth son Michael, fathered by her most recent boyfriend Darío Sepúlveda, is kidnapped and it takes weeks to get him back home. Griselda, herself, develops an addiction to smoking cocaine that makes her increasingly irrational and unreliable.  The DEA have been watching her operation for years. She moves to Los Angeles to lie low, but is eventually found and arrested along with her three sons while Michael is sent to live with a relative in Miami. Griselda serves limited jail time thanks to the loyalty she commands among her minions.  After doing her time, she is deported back to Colombia where she lives a lonely existence after two of her sons were killed by assailants and the other one commits suicide before he can be killed. She dies an old woman when a motorcycle assassin shoots her on the street. The narrator concludes that Griselda "is now free."
Three lesbian space aliens come to Earth, and one of the aliens, Zoinx, falls in love with an employee at a greeting card store named Jane. Jane shyly returns Zoinx's affection and they begin a romance, though Jane does not know that Zoinx is a space alien. In the meantime, Jane, Zoinx, and Zoinx's friends do not know that they may be in trouble: there are two government agents—men in black—monitoring Jane as she starts to become closer to a woman who the men feel does not belong on this planet.
Will is a website manager for an electronics company who uses his local coffee house, Coffee Town, as his own personal office. When the corporate owners of the shop have plans to convert the coffee house into a modern Coffee Town and Bistro, Will enlists the help of his two best friends – lighting salesman Chad and local police officer Gino – to save his office. In order to thwart the plans of Coffee Town's corporate owners, the trio plan to stage a robbery, creating the illusion of a crime-riddled neighborhood that is not suitable for a bistro. However, standing in Will's way is Sam, a disgruntled barista with big dreams of being a rock star. Meanwhile, Will tries his best to court his coffee house crush Becca, an ER trauma nurse.
Jack Samms' evening started normal enough. But then the mysterious masked stranger, known as Trick, pays him a visit. Within minutes, Jack is faced with a ticking clock after Trick reveals that Jack's estranged wife and her lover are buried in a wooden box - and will be out of oxygen in 75 minutes. With two cops hot on his trail, Jack must try to avoid being framed for his wife's murder while under Trick's constant watch. When a pay-off to Trick goes wrong, Jack must engage in a dangerous game of cat and mouse with the masked stranger in order to save his wife... and himself.
In Hollywood, Samantha Forester (Chauntal Lewis) is kidnapped by "Coffin Baby" (Christopher Doyle), branded, locked in a cage, and forced to witness dozens upon dozens of other Los Angeles citizens being murdered in various brutal ways. When she is reported as missing,  But, later, by unknown reason he cut off her left hand. After 10 days in captivity, Coffin Baby falls in love with Samantha and gives her an orchid. Becoming crazed by her confinement, she herself eats cooked human flesh from another blonde victim.
On the night of Miller's Comet's passing, eight friends gather for a dinner party at the home of couple Mike and Lee. Emily is hesitant to accompany her boyfriend, Kevin, on an extended business trip abroad. Amir has brought Kevin's ex-girlfriend Laurie, who flirts inappropriately with Kevin.  A power outage occurs. Mike and Lee bring out candles and different-colored glow sticks. The friends each take a blue glow stick and venture outside where the neighborhood is dark but for one house. Back inside, they see a broken glass no-one remembers damaging. Amir and Hugh decide to ask to use the phone at the lit house, as Hugh's physicist brother insisted Hugh call him if "anything strange" were to happen during the comet's passing, and no one's mobile phone has signal.  Hugh and Amir return. Hugh has a cut on his forehead and Amir has a box containing a ping-pong paddle and photographs of everyone with numbers written on the backs. Hugh says he saw, through the window of the other house, a table set with eight places. They realize the other house is an alternate version of theirs.  Hugh writes a note to leave at the other house, only to find an exact copy of the note pinned to their own door. Emily, Kevin, Mike, and Laurie decide to go to the other house. On the way, they encounter another group of four, carrying red glow sticks rather than blue. Each group flees back to their houses.  Hugh retrieves his brother's book, which deals with quantum decoherence, from the car. The group speculates that the comet has created two split realities, one of which will collapse once the comet has passed, and that anyone passing through the particularly dense darkness outside will emerge into a different reality. Mike drinks heavily and considers killing the doubles before the doubles can kill them. He decides to write a blackmail note to the other Mike to keep him away from the book.  Hugh and Amir realize, because of the red glow sticks they carry in their pockets, that they are from the other house. The two take the box and leave before the others notice. Shortly afterwards, a Hugh and Amir return carrying blue glow sticks, revealing that they have been away the entire time and only just returned. They had found two notes at the other house, showing that the split created more than just two alternate realities.   Beth sees Laurie kissing Kevin in the hallway. Someone outside smashes Hugh's car window. Emily retrieves the ring Kevin gave her from her car. Talking to Kevin, Emily realizes he is from a different reality.  The group creates their own box to validate they are all from the same reality. As well as numbering the photographs by rolling dice, they include a randomly chosen object. Emily deduces that only Lee and Beth, who never left the house, originate from that house; that herself, Kevin and Laurie are from a different house; Hugh and Amir are from a third house; and Mike is from a fourth. The blackmail note arrives under the door, revealing an adulterous liaison between Mike and Beth. Another Mike breaks in and attacks his double before leaving.  Emily goes out and looks into several alternate houses, finding different situations including one in which no one seems aware of the split. She lures everyone out of the house by smashing Hugh's car window, then ambushes the alternate Emily when she gets her ring out of her car. She injects her other self with ketamine and takes her place while Miller's Comet breaks apart overhead. She subdues the other Emily again when the latter crawls into the bathroom. She takes the ring from her defeated self after losing her own in the altercation, then returns to the living room and faints.  Emily wakes in daylight on the sofa with the rest of the party apparently none the wiser. Kevin brings her the ring that he found in the bathroom. His cell phone rings and he notes that it is Emily calling. Emily looks at the two rings as Kevin answers the phone. He turns to look at her with the phone to his ear.
At Dennington Prep school, four initially non-connected students band together to recover some of the $10 million in funds that were embezzled from the school's coffers. Alice, as she's a skilled hacker, approaches Jason, son of the headmaster (accused of mishandling the funds) with the idea to create their own slightly altered Michigan state quarters, worth $5,000 each. She was inspired during their recent class trip to the mint. They enlist mechanical help from Benny, a football scholarship student who helps in his uncle's garage, and Dakota, Jason's bossy ex-girlfriend, who is incredibly organised.  Dakota gets the team into the Mint by first sweet-talking the guards, posing as a reporter to distract the manager. Alice hacks the security system through the mint's computer, while the guys work on how to create a slightly altered die. Everything seems to be coming together, when they have a big falling out. They are forced to follow through when Alice hacks the Mint's website, giving them Saturday, the night of the formal, to mint the coins. Jason and Dakota prepare to play the music, while Alice and Benny go to mint the quarters. They have a double glitch, accidentally producing 10 times the amount needed, and not actually cancelling the real maintenance truck. Jason and Dakota come to their aide.  They seem to have gotten away with it, but their art teacher discovers their heist. Bringing them before the president of the school board, who was incidentally the culprit for the missing $10 million, they offer him the valuable coins in exchange for returning the money to the school's endowment and their immunity. The film ends with Dakota proposing that Benny and she try a relationship and Jason the same to Alice, but with him at a normal high school.
Chloe, a single mother living with her daughter Sophia, operates a motel. Topo is a blind man traveling cross country in a Jeep with his associate Quincy. They stop by Chloe's motel, when Quincy hires prostitute Gwen, and convinces Topo to stay the night. When Gwen is entertaining Quincy, an argument has Quincy fatally shooting Gwen, waking Chloe up. Chloe investigating finds Gwen and Quincy dead.  The police arriving, Chloe has a conversation with her police friend Billy who was Gwen's pimp. He comforts her while Chloe tells him she will not allow his girls to use the rooms in her motel anymore, as a social worker was around earlier threatening to take Sophia away. The following day Topo takes Chloe and Sophia hostage looking for the Jeep. As Sophia watches TV Chloe agrees to retrieve the Jeep from the police. Topo forces Chloe and Sophia to stake out Billy's residence. Billy's wife Amber answers the door and Chloe and Billy fight. Billy refuses to give Chloe the Jeep. Topo forces Chloe to break into the police junkyard and retrieve a package hidden behind the radio. After evading the Patrolman, Chloe reaches the car but cannot find the package.  Back at the motel, Chloe learns more about Topo and figures out that he is a courier who is supposed to deliver bundles of money. She proposes to Topo that they split the money if she helps him faster and he reluctantly agrees due to his new impairment. After Chloe falls asleep with Sophia, Topo looks around and finds Chloe's hidden stash of emergency money.  The next morning, Topo and Chloe stake out, learning that Quincy was Topo's nephew and Chloe's husband died in a hit and run. After finding Billy, Chloe follows him only to be found out and cornered in an alley. After Billy has Chloe pinned on the roof of the car, Topo sneaks up behind him and interrogates him and heads to Billy's house thinking the money is stashed there. After Chloe finds the money under the bed she is confronted by  Amber, whom Topo shoots. They leave after tying Billy to the radiator. They go back to the motel where Topo leaves with all of the money with another associate, Donnie.  Chloe calls the police and tells them that she was a hostage. They tell her that Billy was not found at his house and decide to leave a squad-car there for her safety. Topo and Donnie meet Québécois mafia, Jacques and his associates in a car park. The mafia force Topo into the car and proceed to count the money to find that Topo is missing fifty grand, which Chloe has as her cut. When Jacques threatens to kill Topo, Topo kills them all. Back at the motel, Chloe packs her and Sophia's things, she sends the police away only to be approached by Topo to give her back her cut, when Billy shoots Topo and Donnie, and has cornered Chloe, who then throws him through a window, unintentionally fatally slicing his neck.  Chloe sets the scene to look like a deal gone bad, and takes Sophia into a taxi to parts unknown.
After being awarded Citizen of the Year by the fictional ski resort of Kehoe, Colorado, snowplow driver Nels Coxman's quiet life is disrupted when his son dies from a forced heroin overdose. He learns that his son was murdered by a Denver drug cartel. He decides to seek vigilante justice, makes a sawed-off rifle, and kills three members of the cartel, dumping their bodies in a nearby river. Nels's wife Grace (angry at her husband's seemingly cold lack of grief) leaves him.   The cartel's psychopathic drug lord, Trevor "Viking" Calcote, first suspects that these deaths are the work of his rival White Bull, a Ute with whom he has so far avoided conflict. Viking has one of Bull's gangsters murdered, not knowing it is White Bull's only son. This drives White Bull to seek vengeance, and he orders his men to kidnap Viking's young son Ryan in retaliation, which starts a gang war. Nels seeks advice from his brother Brock, once a mob enforcer known as Wingman, and learns about Viking. Brock tells Nels that killing Viking requires a hired assassin, and he recommends a transplanted hitman known as "The Eskimo". The Eskimo agrees to kill Viking for Nels' 90,000, but decides he can get another 90,000 from Viking by informing him that Coxman has hired him for the hit.   Viking does not appreciate the Eskimo's "lack of professional ethics" and subsequently kills him. He thinks the Eskimo meant Brock Coxman, and he takes Brock in his car. Since Brock is dying of colorectal cancer, he claims responsibility for the hits to protect his brother. Viking tries in vain to stop the gang war by using one of his own men (Dexter) as a scapegoat and sending White Bull the man's head. This is insufficient to placate White Bull, who shoots the messenger. Meanwhile, Nels kidnaps Ryan from his prep school before White Bull's men can do so, in order to draw Viking into an ambush. Nels treats the boy well and protects him from the violence to come. Nels' identity is revealed to Viking by the prep school's janitor. Though promised 10,000 for the tip, he too is killed after his disclosure.   Nels calls Viking and tells him to come to his house alone, and when Viking says it will take him 3 hours, Nels takes Ryan with him to work.  While Viking was lying, as he already knew Nels' address and was minutes away, he finds the house empty; his men toss the place to find clues about the kidnapper.  While Nels teaches Ryan how to drive the snow equipment, Viking's men find out where Nels works and heads out.  Mustang, silently grieving over Dexter's senseless death, tips off the Ute.  Both parties arrive at the company site, and most of them are killed in the ensuing shootout. Viking, attempting to drive away, is trapped when Nels uses heavy machinery to impale Viking's car with a shorn tree trunk, allowing White Bull to shoot Viking in the chest. He dies when found by Kehoe police detectives Kimberly Dash and Gip. Detective Dash spots Ryan driving an industrial snow blower in the direction of Kehoe, but Dash elects not to follow. As Nels leaves the property in his snowplow to continue his work, White Bull jumps into the cab; after initially holding Nels at gunpoint, the two men drive away together with both being satisfied for having avenged their respective children's death. The scene ends after Avalanche accidentally flies into the snowplow, being minced to death and shredded to bits.
Doug has moved into a place in Portland with his sister, Gail. He moved from Chicago, where he was studying forensic science before dropping out of school. Doug and Gail have dinner with their mother and stepfather. Later, Doug shows up at the office where Gail works and convinces her to go to the coast with him for the rest of the day. Doug gets a job moving ice at an ice factory. There, he becomes friends with his co-worker, Carlos. Doug's ex-girlfriend, Rachel, arrives in Portland, and Doug meets with her. She says that she is in town to train at her employer's office. Doug invites Carlos and Rachel to his place, and they, along with Gail, play games together. The four of them continue to hang out. Carlos is also a DJ, and the other three go to his set and dance. Doug introduces Carlos to Sherlock Holmes books. Carlos and Rachel go to a Star Trek convention together.  One night, Carlos visits Doug and says that Rachel did not show up to his DJ set and has gone missing. He is worried that something bad happened. Doug is initially not bothered by this, but he goes to Rachel's motel room with Carlos. They look around the room. Doug sees that a man in the parking lot is watching them, and the man drives away when they confront him. After visiting Gail, Doug and Carlos go back to the motel room. They locate a code and learn about a suspicious man wearing a cowboy hat. Doug realizes that the code involves baseball statistics. He and Gail do some research to break the code, and they find out about a meeting time and place. They show up and get another code from a payphone. Rachel also shows up there. She tells Doug that she had a job involving online photography and that her photographer was Jim Warden, the man in the cowboy hat. For her latest job, Jim had asked her to deliver a briefcase full of money to Portland. Jim then stole the briefcase from her motel room before she could deliver it. Doug says that he will find Jim and help her get the briefcase back.  Doug tracks down where Jim lives using clues from Jim's photographs. Doug and Carlos wait in Gail's car outside Jim's place. Then, Carlos goes to stay with Rachel, and Gail joins Doug in the car. Jim leaves his place, and Doug and Gail follow him in the car. Jim goes into a building and gets the briefcase. Doug and Gail follow him to a restaurant, where he is meeting with someone. In the restaurant, Doug and Gail decide to steal the briefcase. Gail disguises herself, and Doug removes her car's license plate and then drives to the front of the restaurant. Gail takes the briefcase and runs to the car. She drives off with Doug in the passenger seat, and Jim unsuccessfully tries to catch up to them. Gail drives to the empty roof of a parking garage. Doug calls Carlos and Rachel and tells them where they are. Then, Doug and Gail listen to music in the car together.
Ann Dane, startled by the sound of a door window breaking, wakes her husband, Richard.  He accidentally shoots the intruder, identified as Freddy Russell, a wanted felon.  Richard is shaken by the experience.  Richard visits the cemetery on the day of Freddy's burial where Freddy's father, Ben—a paroled convict—accosts Richard in his car, making a veiled reference to Richard's son, Jordan.  Alarmed, Richard picks up Jordan from school and arranges for Ann to meet them at the police station.  Though Ben follows him to his son's school, the police decline Richard's request for help.  However, when the Danes arrive home to find their front door broken in, the family is put under police protection.  Police are posted around the house, including one guard inside, hoping to catch Ben when he returns.  It turns out that Ben never left and has been hiding in the house's crawlspace since the initial break-in. He emerges and knocks out the guard, goes into Jordan's room, and locks the door. When Richard is alerted to Ben's presence inside the house by the sound of water dripping from the open crawlspace hatch, he alerts the observing police and breaks down Jordan's bedroom door.  Ben has already escaped out the window and to a nearby river, however, and is tracked to Mexico—where he is apprehended.  The police invite Richard to the station to close the case, and, while there, Richard notices a wanted poster for "Frederick Russell", who looks different from the man he shot.  Richard repeatedly attempts to point out the contradiction to officer Ray Price, but Ray dismisses this as a trick of memory due to shock and refuses to discuss the issue.  Richard sees Ben taken away in an unmarked police car, which he follows.  He sees the police forcibly remove Ben from the car, and inject him with an unknown substance, splash him with alcohol, and leave him on train tracks to die.  Richard saves Ben from an approaching train.  Ben at first does not believe Richard's claims that the man he shot was not Freddy.  The two exhume Freddy's grave and Ben confirms that the body in the coffin is not his son.  Ben notes that the man's finger tips have been cut off to prevent identification.  Ray Price visits Richard at work and claims that Freddy changed his appearance to avoid capture, explaining the discrepancy in the wanted poster. Richard is visited by Jim Bob Luke—a  private investigator known by Ben—who says the name Fred Russell is tied to several widely circulated news stories about the killing of a burglar.  Jim theorizes that after Freddy became involved with the Dixie Mafia, he was caught by Federal investigators, who faked Freddy's death and placed him in Witness Protection in exchange for information.  Jim, Richard, and Ben learn that Freddy might be living in Houston under the name "Frank Miller".  When they attempt to meet him at his new home, they instead find a number of home videos which turn out to be snuff films, one of which features Freddy Russell beating a woman to death with a baseball bat.  Richard wants to take the tape to the police.  Jim believes the police already know about the videos but are unconcerned because Freddy is far more valuable as an informant against the Dixie Mafia while the victims are illegal immigrants whom few will miss.  Ben is so enraged by his son's actions that he is resolved to kill him at any cost.  They track Freddy to a remote mansion where he and his associates are making another snuff film.  They infiltrate the mansion and begin killing everyone they encounter.  When Freddy is the last survivor, Ben hesitates to kill him, and Jim is shot.  Freddy shoots both Richard and Ben before Ben finally wounds him.  Ben declares himself as Freddy's father, shoots his son in the head, and dies from his own wounds shortly after.  Jim and Richard set the mansion ablaze and escape with the hostage.  The next morning Richard returns home to his family.
Coldwater tells the story of abused teenaged inmates of a "wilderness rehabilitation" facility in California. Run by a former Marine, Colonel Frank Reichert, who suffers from chronic alcoholism. Reichert has hand picked his staff members who are either former military or ex residents/graduates of the facility. Rather than make any attempt at true rehabilitation, the residents are instead subjected to the whims of the staff, who take a might makes right approach in an attempt to break the inmates.   The story centers around Brad Lunders, a teenager incarcerated for low level drug dealing and for his role in the death of a young girl. Brad's best friend, Gabriel, joins him there later after he is sent to the same camp. Conflict develops between Brad and Josh, a staff member, which intensifies after an inmate is maimed and permanently injured during an ethically questionable, overnight punishment where they are left handcuffed to a ceiling. During Brad's time at Coldwater, he manages to escape, but is returned to Coldwater by a sheriff's deputy who is concerned by what Brad tells him has been occurring there. The deputy is nonetheless forced to return Brad to Coldwater.   Following the injury to the inmate, which initiated a lawsuit and an investigation by his superiors, Reichert's alcoholism becomes worse, and he begins day drinking. With a lack of proper leadership, the staff "turn up the heat" on the inmates, who push back. Josh loses his cool one day, and angrily challenges Brad to a fight. Despite being younger, Brad is larger, stronger and a better fighter, and quickly beats Josh into submission and only the intervention of other staff members keeps him from more severe injury. Josh is further humiliated the next day after a vehicle containing a drunken Colonel Reichert runs out of gas, and Josh is tasked with refilling it, only to find the gas can had been filled with water. Josh is forced to help push the car back to camp, while Brad sits in the drivers seat, steering. Meanwhile, Reichert passes out drunk in the passenger seat.  While putting the drunken Reichert to bed, Brad steals a master key, allowing him access to the entire facility. Meanwhile, biding for time, but unable to include anyone in his plans, he reports Gabriel as the one behind the water-in-the-gascan prank. Having regained the trust of the staff, Brad moves around the facility collecting evidence of abuse.   That night, Brad frees Gabriel from the torture shed, and steals the medical files which detail injuries to each inmate. He then combines each medical file with his own notes about what he observed happening, and mails them to the sheriff's department using a mail drop at the end of a hiking trail. The next day, the inmates rise up against the staff, killing them. Brad follows Reichert to his office and shoots him dead, posing the scene as a suicide.   The film ends with Brad being released from police custody without charge, at which time he is picked up by his mother while the news media show footage of the carnage that occurred at Coldwater.
Sidonie-Gabrielle Colette is a young woman from the rural Saint-Sauveur-en-Puisaye at the end of the 19th century, who begins an affair with Willy. Willy eventually brings Colette to Paris as his bride, with socialites expressing surprise a libertine like him would marry. Willy refers to himself as a "literary entrepreneur", employing a number of ghostwriters to write articles. However, he finds the limited output does not bring in enough revenue to cover his expenses, due to his expensive lifestyle entertaining socialites. He commissions one ghostwriter to work on a novel while Colette manages his correspondence. One day, Colette finds Willy with a prostitute, leading to a separation. He eventually persuades her to return, promising honesty. thumb|left|The real Colette in "Rêve d'Egypte" Colette also tells him of her days as a schoolgirl. With Willy increasingly unable to pay his writers, he asks Colette to write a novel based on her school stories. She completes a draft of Claudine à l'école, which Willy rejects for lacking plot. Years later, some of Willy's furniture is repossessed, and he stumbles on the draft. He suggests revisions and the novel is submitted and published under Willy's byline. Claudine à l'école becomes a bestseller, particularly attracting a female readership. Faced with his first true hit, Willy tells his publisher a sequel is coming, purchases a country house, and locks Colette in a room there to force her to write. Initially objecting, Colette writes Claudine à Paris, which becomes another bestseller.  As Colette and Willy become an increasingly recognized couple, she attracts the notice of Georgie Raoul-Duval, a Louisiana debutante, and they begin an affair. Jealous, Willy also begins an affair with Georgie. Colette discovers this, and bases her next book, Claudine en ménage, on the episode. Fearing scandal, Georgie's husband purchases and burns all copies of the book before sale, but does not purchase the copyright, allowing Willy to reprint and sell the book.  The Claudine books enjoy continued success, including a stage adaptation, starring Polaire. Colette begins an affair with Missy, who presents as male. They begin dancing and develop an act at the Moulin Rouge that draws a morally outraged response when they kiss onstage. Willy cites the act as a financial disaster and sells all rights to the Claudine books for 5,000 francs without Colette's knowledge. Angered and feeling betrayed, Colette leaves Willy. Willy asks his employee Paul to burn the Claudine manuscripts; Paul returns them to Colette instead.  Colette becomes recognized as a writer in her own right, beginning with The Vagabond, published under her byline, about her music hall experience.
Robert Longfellow, a once-successful playwright, is taken hostage at gunpoint by an ex-con neighbor, Gus, while on a routine visit to his childhood home. Longfellow has avoided Gus since he was a boy. As the drama unfolds, social status, celebrity, politics, and the threat of violence converge, leaving the playwright simultaneously shattered and inspired.
Successful advertising executive Howard Inlet becomes clinically depressed after his young daughter's tragic death. Howard spends his time alone, rarely sleeping or eating, and at the office, building domino chains and structures.  Howard's estranged friends and business partners, Whit Yardsham, Claire Wilson, and Simon Scott fear for Howard's health as well as their company's future, as his behavior has cost them numerous high-profile clients and left them on the verge of bankruptcy. As the majority shareholder, Howard has also undermined their efforts to sell the company.  The trio hire a private investigator, Sally Price, to acquire evidence that Howard is unfit to run the company, allowing them to take control. Sally intercepts three letters written by Howard which he posted to the abstract concepts of Love, Time, and Death, and presents them to the group.  Whit, Claire and Simon hire a trio of struggling actors – Amy, Raffi and Brigitte – to masquerade as the abstracts respectively in order to confront Howard about his letters. Their plan is for Sally to record these encounters and then digitally erase the actors to make Howard appear mentally unbalanced, enabling them to sell the company.  In preparation for their roles, Brigitte, Raffi, and Amy spend time with Simon, Claire, and Whit, who are going through personal problems of their own: Simon is secretly battling cancer; Whit is struggling to connect with his pre-teen daughter Allison after cheating on her mother; and Claire is looking for sperm donors to conceive a child after neglecting her private life for years.  After his encounters with "Love", "Time" and "Death", Howard attends a grief support group where he befriends a woman named Madeleine who has lost her own daughter, Olivia, to cancer; which led to the end of her marriage. As Howard meets with Madeleine, she shows him a note from her husband, "If only we could be strangers again..." and continues enigmatically "And now we are." Howard also tells her about his recent "conversations" with Death, Time, and Love. Madeleine tells him that on the day Olivia died, an old woman at the hospital had told her to notice the "Collateral Beauty", which she has learned to recognize as acts of selfless kindness that follow tragedies.  As the group is discussing the actors' performances, Amy storms out of the room because she feels guilty about manipulating Howard. Whit goes to convince her to return and declares romantic interest in her. Amy rejects him, but agrees to commit to their plan if he will make amends with his daughter. Simon similarly confides with Brigitte about his condition and his fear of death. Brigitte encourages him to share the burden with his family.  "Love", "Time", and "Death" confront Howard again but he lashes out at them, particularly Love, externalizing the pain he held inside since his daughter's death. Love tells Howard he owes it to his daughter's existence to love and that he can't live without it. The next day, Howard attends a meeting with his company's board of directors in which footage of the incidents, with the actors digitally removed, is shown. Howard realizes his mental state and behavior are ruining the company and soon voices his gratitude for all that his friends have done for him, promising to be there in their times of need. He then signs the documents placed before him to enable the sale of the agency.  Simon tells his wife about his health condition; she comforts him. Claire meets with Raffi, and he states she will make a good mother someday. Claire says time has caught up to her, to which he replies that her battle with time isn't over yet, and mentions people who had had a positive effect on his young life. Whit visits Allison at school. Although she expresses anger and initially refuses to speak to him, he expresses his love for her and vows to return every day until she talks to him. Allison reconsiders, and in parting, mentions that "tomorrow is a half day of school".  Howard visits Madeleine on Christmas Eve, and she persuades him to watch a video of her husband playing with their daughter. Her husband turns out to be Howard playing dominoes with their daughter Olivia. Howard breaks down and is finally able to acknowledge his daughter's name and cause of death, and hugs Madeleine while crying. Brigitte is revealed to be the woman who had told Madeleine about the concept of collateral beauty.  Howard and Madeleine walk hand-in-hand through Central Park. Howard turns and sees Amy, Raffi and Brigitte watching from a footbridge, but they vanish as Madeleine turns toward them.
Casey, an American living in Cologne, Germany, works with his friend Matthias for a drug dealer, Geran, as money runners. He meets Juliette, another American, one night while she tends bar at one of Geran's hangouts. Though interested in him, Juliette turns him down when he asks her out, stating that she wants nothing to do with someone who runs in Geran's circles, but to look her up when he gets out. Inspired by the conversation, Casey quits his job with Geran, asks Juliette out, and the two quickly begin dating and move in together. All is well for the pair until Juliette suddenly has a seizure one evening and is rushed to the hospital. Told that her kidney is failing, and because she is not a citizen of Germany that she is unqualified for the transplant treatment, Casey proposes that they move back to America for her treatment. In order to obtain the money for the operation and save Juliette, Casey goes back to work for Geran in order to pull off a large drug theft from Germany's biggest drug dealer, Hagen Kahl.
In the wake of his wife Theresa's mastectomy, Nathan Gardner moves his family, including children Lavinia, Benny, and Jack, to his late father's farm. One night, a brilliantly colored meteorite crash-lands in their front yard near the well. The next morning, hydrologist Ward Phillips, who is surveying the area for a dam development, along with the mayor and the sheriff of the nearby town of Arkham, arrive to see the meteor. Nathan and Lavinia later witness strange phenomena around the meteor, until it suddenly disappears.   Ward notices that the groundwater has taken on an oily sheen and tests it. When his test strips begin to glow brightly with the color of the meteor, he advises the Gardners not to drink it. The family quickly becomes contaminated: Jack becomes fixated on the property's well, observing strange plant growths and insects, as well as claiming to communicate with a 'friend' inside the well. When Theresa is preparing dinner, she vacantly cuts off two of her fingers. Nathan rushes her to the hospital and Benny goes outside to put the farm's alpacas back in their stables, but does not return until late at night, claiming time had passed instantaneously for him. Meanwhile, Lavinia attempts multiple times to contact Nathan, but they are unable to hear each other through the phone. Upon the parents' return, Nathan lashes out at Benny and Lavinia with uncharacteristic rage. Further stresses, including all the crops becoming desiccated, place the family in crisis.  Later, Lavinia tries to perform a ritual using a copy of the Necronomicon and offering her blood to save her family, mutilating herself in the process. Theresa suddenly hears Jack and Benny screaming after entering the alpaca stables and rushes to their aid, as the "Color" begins appearing outside. A bolt of the Color strikes and fuses Theresa and Jack together into a hideous mass. Finding all their electronic devices dead, the family is stranded and Nathan and the children carry Jack and Theresa into the attic to shield them from sunlight, which harms them. Benny reveals that the alpacas were similarly mutated and fused together by the Color and Nathan euthanizes them with a shotgun. Beginning to lose his sanity, Nathan also attempts to euthanize Theresa and Jack, but is unable to bring himself to do it.  Lavinia and Benny attempt to leave the farm on horseback, but the horse flees. Benny then insists that he hears the family's dog inside the well, but upon climbing in, he is assimilated by the Color. Nathan, now fully deranged from the Color, locks Lavinia in the attic with Theresa and Jack, who have turned monstrous, attacking her. Ward and the sheriff return to the farm after a nearby resident discovers a fused mass of animals, and arrive just in time to break into the attic to save Lavinia. Nathan shoots and kills the monster, no longer viewing them as his family.  Ward rushes Lavinia outside as the Color emerges from the well, and Nathan attempts to shoot it, but the sheriff mistakes Nathan's aim for Ward, fatally shooting him. Lavinia insists on staying with Nathan, so Ward and the sheriff leave to evacuate a nearby neighbor, Ezra. At Ezra's house, the pair only find his desiccated corpse and a recording he left behind, where he surmises that the Color is attempting to remake Earth into something akin to wherever it came from. Heading back towards the farmhouse, a mutated tree kills the sheriff.  Ward returns to rescue Lavinia, but finds her fully possessed by the Color, which explodes out of the well and forms a funnel into the sky. Ward is shown a vision of where the Color hails from, a psychedelic exoplanet inhabited by tentacled alien entities, before Lavinia disintegrates. As space and time begin to unravel, Ward enters the farmhouse and is pursued by a murderous apparition of Nathan. He hides in the wine cellar as the Color's distortion of reality destroys the property, leaving Ward the only survivor as he climbs out of the remains of the farmland, now a colorless ashy "blasted heath".  In an epilogue, a traumatized Ward stands on top of the finished dam which covers the former property, and narrates that having witnessed the Color's effects, he will never drink the dam's water.
Gloria is an unemployed writer struggling with alcoholism. Her boyfriend Tim, frustrated with her behavior, breaks up with her and kicks her out of their New York City apartment. Moving back to her family home in Mainhead, New Hampshire, Gloria reunites with her childhood friend Oscar, who now runs his late father's bar. Oscar warmly welcomes Gloria and offers her a job at the bar, which she accepts.  Working at the bar aggravates Gloria's alcoholism; she often drinks with Oscar and his friends, Garth and Joel, until morning, then sleeps it off in her nearly empty childhood home. At the same time, a giant reptilian monster appears in Seoul, leaving death and destruction in its wake. Gloria realizes when she walks through a local playground at exactly 8:05 am, she causes the monster to manifest and can remotely control it.  Gloria shares her discovery with Oscar and his friends by dancing in the playground while they watch a newsfeed of the monster mimicking her movements. A helicopter launches a missile at the monster, causing Gloria pain. Gloria lashes out, destroying the helicopter, and killing the pilots. Horrified at what she has done, she collapses, causing widespread destruction. She awakens to find that a delighted Oscar also manifested in Seoul, but as a giant robot. Gloria tries to make amends by having the monster spell out an apology in Korean, to the delight of the South Korean people and media, and begins avoiding both the playground and alcohol.  After spending the night with Joel, Gloria discovers a drunken Oscar controlling the robot to taunt South Korea. After a tense confrontation, she makes him leave. Oscar thinks something happened between Gloria and Joel, becoming jealous. That night, he drunkenly insults his friends at the bar and demands Gloria have a beer, threatening to return to the playground if she refuses. The next morning, a sober Oscar apologizes to Gloria.  Tim pays a visit to Gloria, but is irritated by her living situation before apologizing. Upon meeting Tim at the bar, Oscar provokes a confrontation by setting off fireworks indoors. Tim tries to get Gloria to leave with him, but she stays to curb Oscar's destructive behavior. Oscar visits Gloria's house to prevent her from leaving, and Gloria recalls their childhood; as a child, Gloria made a paper diorama of Seoul as a school project, which was blown into what would later become the playground; a young Oscar retrieved it, but destroyed it out of jealousy. Gloria's anger triggered lightning which strikes both of them, as well as their toys; Gloria's being a reptilian monster; Oscar's being a robot.  In the present, Gloria recognizes that Oscar's manipulative behavior arises from his self hatred at never having amounted to anything; the robot manifests as his way of making himself feel important. After deciding to leave town, Gloria races Oscar for the playground. Oscar incapacitates her and destroys a large portion of Seoul, killing hundreds of people. Oscar warns Gloria that for every day she is not with him, he will commence further rampages.  Shortly after, Gloria makes a trip to South Korea, apologizing to Tim over the phone, but says she owes him no explanations as he had ended their relationship.  At 8:05 am in the US, Oscar carries out his threat, making his robot manifest in Seoul. Gloria walks towards it in Seoul, making her monster appear at the playground back home. Gloria's monster catches Oscar and flings him over the horizon, causing the robot to disappear. Gloria retreats to a bar and asks the bartender if she would like to hear an amazing story. The bartender says yes, and offers Gloria a drink, at which Gloria sighs.
In Columbus, Indiana, Jin Lee arrives from South Korea to watch over his estranged father who, while visiting the town to give a lecture about architecture, has fallen into a coma and is now in a local hospital. One day Jin meets Casey, a young woman who works in a library near the hospital. Casey lives with and takes care of her mother, a recovering drug addict.  Casey and Jin quickly build a rapport as she guides him around Columbus for several days. The two discuss the local architecture while simultaneously opening up about themselves to each other. Jin reveals his feelings of resentment toward his father, whom Jin believes to have cared more about work than for him. Casey also opens up about her dream of getting a job in the architecture industry. However, she confesses that she cannot leave her mother in order to pursue it. Jin advises that it is her life and that Casey is holding herself back.  One night, Casey and Jin are wandering around Columbus when Casey discovers that her mother had been lying to her and has perhaps relapsed. Following this incident, Casey comes to the conclusion that it is in her best interest to move on and decides to leave Columbus in order to pursue her dream. Jin and Casey share a tender hug goodbye and Casey leaves, while Jin stays behind to watch over his ailing father.
As a teenager, Dale witnesses the apparent murder of his mother, Eileen, by his methamphetamine-addicted father.  When the police arrive, they confront and kill Dale's father.  The officer who discovers Eileen runs from the house and vomits, but Dale re-enters the house and tells his mother that everything will be all right.  Years later in Las Vegas, Dale moves across the street from married couple Sarah and Josh, who introduce themselves by bringing over cookies.  Josh explains that he is a croupier and Sarah a graduate student who is working on her dissertation on the effects of pornography.  When Sarah questions Dale as to why he is staring at her, he says that she reminds him of someone, later revealed to be his mother.  While Josh takes additional shifts at work, Sarah passes out and experiences a highly realistic dream in which she is murdered.  Confused by the fact that her clothes are different and the room cleaned, she investigates further and discovers her original shirt in the laundry, bloodied.  Josh suggests that she talk to her friend Leslie, a pregnant doctor.  Leslie, who experienced similar issues in the past, diagnoses her with night terrors and prescribes a hypnotic.  Although somewhat relieved, Sarah points out that a prominent scar has disappeared, which Leslie cannot explain.  Concerned, Josh calls in a favor and surprises Sarah with a vacation at a luxurious hotel.  There, Sarah sleeps well and does not experience any of her previous symptoms.  However, when she returns home, the night terrors and unexplained blackouts return, and she now experiences nausea.  Much to her annoyance, Dale notices that she appears ill, and he demands to know where she was.  When Dale leaves for work, Sarah investigates his house and finds photographs of various people in deathlike states, including herself.  As she discovers a replica of her house key made while Dale delivered groceries, Dale returns home and apparently kills her with a blow to the head; Sarah wakes up in her own bed, gasping, and assumes the mostly-unremembered episode was another case of night terrors.  Later, at Leslie's house, Sarah notices an unused home pregnancy test, which reveals that she is pregnant.  Leslie promises to schedule more tests for the pregnancy, blackouts, and night terrors.  Unknown to Sarah, Josh is sterile.  When he learns of her pregnancy, he immediately leaves her.  Now on her own, Sarah installs hidden video surveillance cameras to record herself so she can better understand her night terrors, but they reveal that Dale has been entering the house, raping and murdering her, and then resurrecting her.  In the process, she loses her memories of the event.  Disturbed, she researches Dale online and finds that his mother has been institutionalized.  At the hospital, she learns from Eileen that Dale has a long history of murdering and resurrecting neighbors.  Eileen says that she caused herself to be institutionalized in order to escape Dale, who resurrected her after she committed suicide.  Eileen asks Sarah to kill Dale, an action she could not bring herself to do.  When Leslie gives birth, she is confused when the baby does not look like either of the possible fathers, and she recalls the video evidence of Sarah's rape, knowing that she had prior contact with Dale when he delivered her groceries, too.  Meanwhile, Josh returns home after his friend convinces him to give Sarah another chance; however, Sarah shoots and kills him when she mistakes him for Dale.  Sarah begs Dale to resurrect Josh, and, when he refuses, seduces him so that she can trick him into it.  As Josh revives, he confusedly rescues Sarah from Dale, and Sarah shoots Dale dead.  As Dale dies, all of the victims that he has murdered and revived suddenly drop dead of their previous wounds, including Sarah, Josh, and Leslie. The film ends with a close-up of Leslie's child.
Arkansas, November 1973 - Frank and his grandson, D, go on an afternoon hunt. Just before dusk, the two hunters wander into the darkening woods to track down their kill. To their horror, they find that instead of a deer, they’ve shot their trespassing neighbor, Marion Mitchell.  With a history of land disputes with the Mitchells fresh on Frank’s mind, he tells his grandson that they have to hide the body deep in the woods. As the night draws on, Frank and the boy find themselves only deeper in darkness. Soon the lines between good and evil are no longer clear. D begins to question if all will really be okay, come morning.
Evangelist Carlton Pearson is ostracized by his church and excommunicated for preaching that there is no Hell.
When two people, David and Claire, leave a bus at the same stop, David follows Claire. She accuses him of stalking her. It is soon revealed that they are role playing and that they live together as boyfriend and girlfriend. One day, Claire suddenly disappears.  After contacting her friends and workplace, David goes to the police.  Detective Sloan can offer little hope beyond posting missing person flyers.  A year later, Claire's friend Buck shows up.  While they are out discussing Claire, David drunkenly insists Buck dare him to jump from a ledge.  The next morning, Buck says he must make a flight that afternoon, and David allows Buck to stay at his apartment while he runs errands. Instead, David rides the bus through the city, reminiscing about Claire.  The bus driver forces him off the bus at the last stop, and David returns home early.  David surprises Buck, who has trashed the apartment while searching for something.  Buck knocks David unconscious and leaves.  After David contacts the police, Detective Sloan agrees to look into Buck and Claire.  Looking for clues Buck may have missed, David finds a hidden cache of pictures, which leads him to a junkyard. While exploring it and questioning employees, he draws the attention of a man in a back room.  Although initially friendly, he demands to know why David has come to his store to look for a missing person.  When David does not answer to his satisfaction, the man tortures him with an electric prod.  Finally satisfied, the man releases David and says he may not like what he finds.  That night, a man named Aleksandr breaks into David's home. After subduing Aleksandr, David learns he is a mobster based at the junkyard, who has been dispatched to learn more about David. Aleksandr says Claire killed his brother, and he intends to kill her if he finds her. Before David can finish interrogating Aleksandr, Detective Sloan comes to David's door. Sloan says his investigation into Claire and Buck has revealed that neither are who they say they are, having found no evidence to corroborate the backstories that they had told David. Sloan suggests Claire is troubled and advises David to forget about her.  Questioning Aleksandr further leads David to search Vancouver for clues, though Aleksandr says the mob will be looking for him now.  In Vancouver, David questions a businessman's widow after finding his face among Claire's pictures.  It turns up nothing, but a car begins following David, who panics and flees into the woods.  A man chases him on foot, and David launches a surprise attack on him, crippling him.  The SUV stops him before he can flee further and takes him to see Hall, who introduces himself as a U.S. government official. He tells David that Claire was an assassin for his organization and that she was killed shortly after she disappeared from David's life. Hall presents photographic evidence of Claire's death and asks David to stop researching her, saying the businessman's death was an assassination by Claire, and exposing her past could endanger David.  David initially agrees to stop but becomes suspicious of Hall.  Catching on, Hall announces he can no longer allow David to leave.  David causes the SUV  to crash and escapes. In the police station, David spots a missing person photo of Claire under a different name and contacts a man who leads him to Buck, who is now going under the name Kyle.  David leads Buck, Alexandr, and Hall all to the same meeting spot.  While Hall's and Alexandr's men fight, David abducts Buck and demands he and Hall leave him alone.  Buck rejects his demands, saying that David does not understand what kind of mess he has gotten himself into.  Hall immediately afterward takes him hostage.  While David is being tortured for the location of Claire's pictures, someone breaks into Hall's warehouse and kills the guards. The assailant is revealed to be Claire. Claire and David return to their house to retrieve Claire's pictures, which she explains is evidence that Hall is a double agent.  Before they can leave, however, Alexandr and Hall arrive outside. Both of them surround the house with armed attackers. Realizing that the situation is hopeless, David and Claire resign themselves to going out in a blaze of glory. They start a countdown for their final assault, then a flashback of  happier times as a couple is shown.
Norval Greenwood (Elijah Wood), a privileged musician who lives with his mother in a Beverly Hills mansion, receives a letter from his estranged father asking him to come and visit him. Norval, who has not seen his father since he was five years old, makes the trek to a secluded cabin overlooking the coast in Oregon. His father, Brian, is initially welcoming to him, but Norval's admission of a suicide attempt seems to anger Brian, who soon begins to display aggressive tendencies, taunting and insulting Norval, and even threatening him with physical violence. All this comes to a head one afternoon when Brian attacks Norval with a meat cleaver, but in the ensuing struggle, Brian has a heart attack and immediately dies.  Due to a lack of space at the local morgue, Norval is forced to keep his father's body in the cabin with him after having it embalmed. He attempts to stay in the house long enough for his mother to come and get him, but is repeatedly awakened by loud sounds from somewhere within the house. Finding a hidden family photo album, Norval sees a photo of his father and realizes that the dead man is not his father at all. He then finds a hidden hatch in the house leading to a bunker beneath, where he finds his real father bloodied and chained up. On his father's orders, he attempts to kill a man, Jethro, who arrives to torture his father, but Jethro escapes, promising revenge.  After finally freeing Brian, Norval is forced to carry him upstairs into the house. Brian reveals to Norval that after he left him and his mother, he fled to Bangkok where he and a group of three other men — Jethro, a large man named Dandy, and Gordon (the man who was pretending to be Norval's father) — kidnapped the daughter of the richest man in Thailand and successfully held her for a large ransom. Brian fled the group with their shares of the money and has been on the run ever since, funding Norval and his mother's expensive way of life with the money. Dandy arrives at the house and attempts to kill Norval, but Norval stabs him in the genitals multiple times with a barbecue fork, then suffocates him with plastic wrap before beating him to death with the rest of the roll.  Norval helps Brian leave the house, but Jethro returns, armed with a flaming crossbow. Upon finding Norval's luggage tag with his home address, Jethro loudly states his intention to drive to Los Angeles to kill Norval's mother as revenge. Brian advises Norval to hide in Jethro's trunk and kill him when he least expects it; Norval obliges, riding along to a motel where Jethro has arranged a meeting with a prostitute. While Jethro and the prostitute are engaged in a BDSM session, Norval steals the motel keys and a check spindle, slashes Jethro's tires, then attempts to sneak into Jethro's room through an adjoining room. Upon spotting him, the prostitute holds Norval in a headlock while Jethro stabs him several times with the spindle, then leaves. The prostitute is horrified that she's an accessory to Norval's death, but Norval stirs and exits the motel, finding Jethro has crashed his car into a sign that's partially decapitated him.  A dazed Jethro reveals to Norval that his mother was a prostitute who both Brian and Jethro slept with. Norval stabs Jethro in the exposed part of his brain with the check spindle; Jethro exhales "Arthur!" before collapsing dead. Norval, wounded but alive, walks on foot back to the house where he left his father and lies down next to him on the lakeside. Norval apologizes to his father for never letting his mother get over him and Brian weakly touches his son's hand.
A nervous Dell, dressed in a suit, fidgets with a bouquet of flowers as he anxiously awaits an answer to his knock.  Dell flashes back six years, he's waiting in a long line in LA to get a spot in the cemetery to watch the meteor shower. Interacting with the teenager in front of him, we learn that his mother has been diagnosed with liver cancer, he works for a pharmaceutical company and is a narcissist.   Dumbstruck, like a deer in headlights by a woman's eyes, she warns him to get out the path of a speeding car. She is Kimberly, and her date's constant banter irritates Dell and soon he asks her for her number. Josh comes at him, so he backs off, but not before Dell can give him a few verbal jabs and pique her interest.   Dell flashes forward two years, where he and Kimberly are in a hotel room, preparing to attend her friend's wedding in Paris. She's frustrated as she needs their relationship to evolve to consider kids.   Back at the meteorite shower, Dell is in the dark, muttering to himself, describing her as beyond beautiful, real, perfect, funny and crazy as Kimberly bumps into him again. This time he tags alongside her, insisting they keep talking. Dell confesses that earlier, he had been telling himself aloud, ″Don't miss her,″ an example of his pessimistic foreboding of what might happen in five minutes. In contrast, Kimberly is focused on enjoying the moment, the now, as in being out in the open air under the stars. She shakes his offered hand, agreeing to trying out a relationship.  Flash forward to Paris, Kimberly is anguished thinking of their future. As he has pulled out an engagement ring and gets down on one knee, she's saying that when he says he  loves her it doesn't sound genuine. He quickly stands, before she can see him, sliding the ring back into his pocket.   Forward one year after their first breakup, we see Dell stalking Kimberly, buying train tickets on the same train heading north. Timeline back to Paris, the pair are hot and then cold. Dell frantically recovers the ring after it slid out of his pocket. She asks what he's hiding, but he doesn't tell. On the train again, Kimberly grows to trust him again, shortly before he's asked to disembark halfway before the original destination.   Small snipets of a mobile phone conversation between Dell in NYC and Kimberly in LA are interspersed between the train and Paris flashbacks. He hears in her voice that she's being untruthful. She confesses she's been on and off texting with Jack, the man she'd briefly dated after their first breakup. Upset, Dell is who does the breaking up, claiming to have never loved her, trying to inflict pain. Directly afterwards, a nurse calls Dell to inform him that his mother, who he'd saved from nearly fatal liver cancer four years ago, passed away from a heart attack.  In the Paris hotel room, Dell sits Kimberley on the bed. Silencing her negative thoughts, he details the things he's grown to love about her: overusing 'so', when wisps of her hair cover her face, her eyes... Simply knowing her the best thing that has happened to him. He then, in his relentlessly narcissistic way, says it's mostly because she likes him. As he turns to get the ring, she tells him he was almost successful.  The end of the six year timeline, like the other snippets, are interspersed throughout. Piecing them together, Dell has finally responded after months of Kimberley wanting to see him. It has been a long time they've not seen one another, since before their second, over-the-phone breakup. Using his keen observational skills, he correctly guesses she's engaged to Jack, as boxes are filled of worn kitchen paraphernalia, there's a photo of them and her ring finger has recently had a ring on it.  Dell tells her about his recent dreams, a non-chronological stream of mostly past events, and says he can't imagine being able to exist in the world without her love. The film fades to black.
In 1969, Jamie Schwartz has written a play adaptation of J.D. Salinger's 1951 novel The Catcher in the Rye and wants to produce it at his prep school in Pennsylvania.  In order to do that, Jamie needs permission from Salinger himself.  Therefore, Jamie, with the help of DeeDee, travels to New Hampshire in order to find Salinger and obtain his permission.
Coming from Insanity tells the story of 12-year-old boy Kossi (Gabriel Afolayan) with virtuoso level insight, who was trafficked into Lagos from Togo. He winds up with the Martins (Wale Ojo and Dakore Akande), as an houseboy and grew to become a member of their family. He later teamed up with some other friends to make his own money and that put him on the radar of the EFCC.
With the Germans apparently near defeat in the latter part of World War II, a squad of American soldiers from the 2nd Infantry Division on a routine mission near Elsenborn in the Belgian Ardennes encounter a surprisingly strong German tank destroyer and infantry force.  After a fierce firefight, the Americans escape and try to make their way back to their own lines to report the German surge.  En route, they stumble across a German experimental site, still smoldering with flames from some devastating event. One of the many gaping plot holes is that this site is identified in the film as Heidenfeld, Thuringia in Germany, which is hundreds of kilometers away from the film's original stated setting in Belgium.  They come across an American OSS agent suffering from horrific burn wounds, and learn that the Germans are close to development of a super-bomb which will enable them to turn the tide of war and achieve victory. The OSS agent, knowing that he is near death, asks the soldiers to complete his mission: to find the bomb; disable it; and extract the scientist developing it, who wishes to defect. With their sergeant and other NCOs dead, the youngest of the soldiers, Nate Burrows Jr. and the more experienced Dean Ransom (a cook who had been demoted from Lieutenant after the D-Day landings) lead them deep into Nazi territory. There, they are joined by escaped British airman Brent Willoughby and Red Army soldier Ivan Puzharsky. Discovered and pursued, the Allies make a series of hair-breadth escapes from vastly superior numbers of well-armed Nazi soldiers and finally make contact with a woman named Kestrel, their link to the atomic bomb and to the scientist Dr. Luca Gruenewald.  In the end, the squad manages to escape the Nazi facility as the Allied bombers decimate the place. Ivan escaped with the documents of Gruenewald's research. The squad, Doctor Gruenenwald and Kestrel safely reach Allied-controlled territory. Nate and his squad are briefed by his superiors that they will not receive any recognitions or rewards and they must keep the secret of their mission in order to keep the secrets of the atomic bomb.
A woman is shown living a variety of different lives under different aliases in different cities. In New York City, she manufactures a meeting with Clyde at a cafeteria and introduces herself as Alice, a biologist who specializes in studying frogs and who has recently returned from an extended project in Tasmania.  Clyde's friend and coworker Tom is preparing for a birthday party with his wife Ramina, an aspiring jewelry designer. Since Alice says she is looking to meet new friends, he takes her to the party. There she charms Ramina and the other guests with tales of her life and work in Tasmania. When Tom returns from the party he seems to recognize her and calls her "Jenny". Ramina announces that she has been accepted into a prestigious jewelry design fellowship in California, something Tom was not yet aware of. Over dinner, Alice tells of how she had impulsively decided to live in Mexico for a year, without informing her family. The admission causes some of the dinner guests to question her life choices.  Later, Tom confronts Alice, who admits to being Jenny, an old college girlfriend who disappeared. She explains that she has spent the last fifteen years living under a string of assumed identities, abandoning them and moving on whenever she begins to feel trapped. She has come to New York to see Tom, someone who knows her from her old life.  The groups heads to a nightclub. Alice does a magic trick for Tom and explains that she learned it while working as a magician's assistant in China. The admission causes Clyde and the others to question her story and whether she lied about her background. Alice leaves the club and Tom follows her. They run into a woman named Nina who is walking her dog. When Nina sprains her ankle they help her back to her nearby apartment, with Alice claiming to be a pediatric surgeon. At the apartment which Nina shares with her husband Roger, Alice introduces Tom as Tony, an osteopath. At Roger's urging, Tom examines Nina. He begins to understand the thrill which Alice feels from pretending, but becomes uncomfortable and they leave.  Tom asks Alice if everything she says is a lie and she assures him that she really does work with animals. She takes him to Long Island to meet her coworker and see frogs hatching.  Afterwards, Tom insists on accompanying her to her apartment as she prepares to leave and assume a new identity. Alice invites Tom to come with her, but he refuses.  He returns to his apartment to discuss California with his wife.  In a public restroom, Alice dumps her credit cards, but keeps her driver's license, which she puts in a scrapbook containing all her old identities. She walks off into the crowd but then reappears in frame, wearing different clothes and a new identity.
Sandra, manager of a ChickWich fast food restaurant, receives a call from someone identifying himself as Officer Daniels. He claims to be in contact with the regional manager about a customer who had money allegedly stolen by an employee that day. Daniels says that he will remain on the phone while Sandra detains the employee until the police arrive. Sandra identifies Becky as the suspect based on the description; Daniels confirms the name.  Sandra brings Becky to the restaurant office. Becky denies the theft. At Daniels' behest, Sandra searches Becky's pockets and purse and finds nothing. Telling her that the alternative is to have Becky go to jail, Daniels has her strip-search Becky in the presence of another employee, Marti. Daniels tells Sandra that he and other officers are searching Becky's home on suspicion that her brother is involved in drugs, and that Becky may be involved. He has Sandra put Becky's clothes into a bag and take it to her car for inspection by the police.  Sandra insists she resume managing the restaurant as it is busy. After Daniels stipulates that a male employee watch Becky for "security reasons", another employee, Kevin, is brought in, but questions Daniels' instructions and leaves. Sandra's fiancé Van takes over; under pressure from Daniels over the beers he drank before driving to the restaurant, he has Becky perform nude jumping jacks, ostensibly to shake loose any contraband concealed in her body. After Becky protests, Daniels has Van spank her. Eventually, Becky is coerced into performing oral sex on Van. Van leaves with guilt and is replaced by the custodian, Harold, who is outraged by Daniels' instructions. Harold tells Sandra about Daniels' orders; she calls the regional manager, who tells her he has no idea about any investigation.  The police discover that a similar incident happened elsewhere. Daniels is identified by closed circuit recordings and arrested; he is a family man working as a telemarketer. Becky meets an attorney to discuss options for suing Sandra. Sandra, now unemployed and no longer seeing Van, tells a journalist she is a blameless victim.
The film revolves around Michael Wolffsen (Tyler Mane), who is engaged to Juliette (Renae Geerlings), and both take care of teenager Brandon (Alex Saxon). The teenager is Michael's nephew, the son of his sister Chloe (Susan Angelo), who has died.  After a call from Michael and Chloe's father, Gary (Muse Watson), the trio arrives to the family estate to meet him and learn that he has dementia and loses his mind. Gary's new wife, Annabelle (Leslie Easterbrook), takes care of him but has decided to leave him because he was abusive and beat her.  Things turn dark after an obscure presence arrives with them and starts chasing them. Odd accidents and curious wounds happen. Gary tries to warn them, but because of his dementia, nobody believes him and doesn't trust them.  We learn that Michael had shot and killed William, his brother-in-law, and Brandon's dad after William stabbed Chloe when she attempted to leave him and move in with Michael and Juliette.  Gary is surprised to know that William's ghost is there because only those with Nordic marks carved on their skin for a passage ritual can stay lingering in the place the ritual has been done. Soon the group discovers that Chloe had carved the rune into her family years ago before William became abusive. Annabelle walks away from protection and is murdered by the ghost with her niece.  A pair of cops who come to check the estate also are taken and savagely killed by ghost William, who is furious and seeking revenge against those who had taken his life.  A battle against William starts as they try to undo the bond done by Chloe and banish him once William breaks the spiritual defenses in the house. Gary does the only thing he thinks he can do to fight him and takes his life, giving the opportunity to Michael to banish William. After the bitter triumph, the surviving trio leaves the estate.
In 1982, 16-year-old Barry Minkow is an ambitious high school student in Reseda, working at a gym and a carpet-cleaning business. He obtains steroids from a gym member named Victor, who gives him a loan to open his own carpet-cleaning business, “ZZZZ Best”. As a teenage entrepreneur, Barry revels in the attention from his classmates and the local news, until his bank realizes he is a minor and cancels his accounts. Desperate to stay in business, he steals money orders to pay his debt to Victor, and convinces another bank to give him an account.  After expenses like a new sports car and expanding the still-struggling company, Barry resorts to check kiting, forging credit card statements, and stages an office break-in, paying a crooked insurance adjuster to ensure a fraudulent claims payout. His overinflated success goes to his head, alienating him from his friend and employee Mike. In 1984, Barry turns 18 and graduates high school, and his uncle introduces him to lucrative insurance contracts for restoring water damage. He puts Barry in touch with Jack Saxon, an organized crime-connected businessman who offers to finance ZZZZ Best in exchange for splitting the profits.  Confronted by his bank over the credit card fraud, Barry and his adjuster form a fake appraisal company to verify ZZZZ Best’s fraudulent restoration contracts; combined with Saxon’s money, this allows Barry to settle with the bank, and his company continues to grow. Approached by FBI Agent Gamble, Barry declines to testify against Saxon. Barry and his adjuster falsify tens of thousands of documents to inflate the company’s value, misrepresenting that they handle millions of dollars in non-existent restorations; in Sacramento, Barry stages a walkthrough for investors of a restoration site where ZZZZ Best never worked.  In 1986, Barry and Saxon take the company public, having illegally pumped and dumped the stock. Celebrating his 20th birthday and his net worth of $100 million, Barry is rebuked by his mother for valuing money over morality. A newspaper exposé reveals Barry’s previous credit card fraud, leading the company’s stock to plummet and banks to call in their loans. Learning Saxon has sold all his shares, Barry holds a press conference to refute the accusations against him, but the phony Sacramento project is made public and his investment banking firm resigns. After a confrontation with Mike, Barry is forced to face the consequences: convicted of 57 counts of fraud, he is sentenced to 25 years in prison, and ordered to pay $26 million in restitution.  By 1994, Barry (now played by Minkow himself) has been incarcerated at Englewood Federal Prison for years. Supposedly counseled by fellow inmate James “Peanut” Long, Barry becomes a born-again Christian. He is interviewed by Agent Gamble about his crimes, and still refuses to testify against Saxon, but is paroled. Hired as a church pastor, Barry is now married with twins, teaching fraud prevention at the FBI Academy. Don, a parishioner revealed to be Mike’s uncle, asks Barry to look into his retirement hedge fund manager, Derek Lewis. Suspecting a Ponzi scheme, Barry persuades Gamble to send him undercover to the Bahamas, where he offers Lewis a fake $5 million to invest for the church in exchange for releasing Don’s funds. Returning home, Barry withholds the bogus investment when Don only receives half his money, leading Lewis to sue Don, Barry, and the church for millions. Arranging a meeting to record Lewis incriminating himself, Barry blows his cover, but Lewis is arrested and Don’s money is recovered.  Real-life interviews question Barry’s version of events, and it is revealed that he defrauded millions of dollars from the church and its parishioners. By 2011, he is serving consecutive five-year sentences for insider trading and embezzling church donations, owing over $500 million in restitution.
Born on a battlefield, Conan is the son of Corin, barbarian chieftain. As a child, he proves himself a skilled but violent warrior to his father. One day, Conan's village is attacked by Khalar Zym, a warlord who wishes to reunite the Mask of Acheron to revive his dead wife Maliva, an evil sorceress, and conquer Hyboria. The mask, crafted by sorcerers and used to subjugate the world, was broken into pieces and scattered among the barbarian tribes to prevent unification. After locating Corin's tribe's piece and slaughtering the entire village, Zym leaves Conan the only survivor.  Years later, Conan, now an adult, is a pirate and hunts Zym, seeking revenge for his father's death. In the city of Messantia, he meets Ela-Shan, a thief being chased by Lucius, one of Zym's soldiers that Conan recognizes from his village's slaughter. He allows himself to be captured alongside Ela-Shan to confront Lucius. Torturing him, Conan learns that Zym seeks the female pureblood descendant of the sorcerers of Acheron to unleash the mask's power. Conan frees Lucius' prisoners, who kill Lucius.  Zym and his daughter, the sorceress Marique, attack a monastery to find the pureblood descendant. Fassir, a monk, tells his student, Tamara, to flee, knowing she is whom Zym seeks. Conan rescues Tamara and captures Zym's righthand man, Remo. After learning Tamara's identity, Conan catapults Remo into Zym's camp, killing him and sending Zym a message.  Zym and Marique confront Conan and Zym finally recognizes him as the boy he left alive. Amidst their battle, Marique poisons Conan with a boomerang sword and he is rescued by Tamara. They jump into the sea and return to Conan's ship, where he recovers. The boat is attacked by Zym's men but Conan and his gang defeat them. Conan departs for Zym's kingdom. His friend Artus sends Tamara after him, and the two spend the night together. The next day, as she is returning to the boat, Tamara is captured by Zym's men.  Conan asks Ela-Shan for help breaking into Zym's castle. Zym uses Tamara's blood to mend the mask, planning to use her body as a vessel for his wife's soul. After confronting a tentacled monster that guards Zym's dungeons, Conan frees Tamara and battles Zym, eventually reclaiming the sword Marique had stolen from his father. He also cuts off Marique's hand and she is fatally impaled.  Conan and Tamara become trapped on a bridge as Zym uses the mask's power to call forth his wife. Her spirit begins to possess Tamara's body. Conan destroys the bridge, causing Zym to fall into the lava below as he and Tamara escape.  Conan returns Tamara to her birthplace, then travels to his old village. He recalls the memory of his father, content that he has avenged his death and recovered his father's sword, thereby restoring his honor.
The film opens with a group of students wanting to know where babies come from and the teacher not knowing exactly how to explain. This bookends multiple scenes relating to conception that feature the experiences and complications of nine various and contrasting couples, some wishing for a baby, others shocked by the prospect and others with confused feelings.
Abby Ableman is a 42-year-old apartment flipper and interior designer with a routine domestic life and obligations. One afternoon, Abby's son Jake accidentally hits her on the head with a baseball and she is rushed to the emergency room by her wife, Kate, a divorce attorney. After being diagnosed with a concussion, Abby spends the next few days in a daze and begins to rethink her life. Kate falls asleep on Abby as they try to have sex.  After an unsatisfying sexual encounter with a prostitute, Abby makes arrangements through her employee, Justin, to sleep with a young woman named Gretchen. The two women discuss how Gretchen uses this line of work to pay for college and that she loves having access to sexual encounters. Abby realizes that she also enjoys having access to new sexual encounters as they provide an escape from her monotonous life; she decides to take clients on a weekly basis. She meets with The Girl, Justin's business partner and new girlfriend, who agrees to send interested women to Abby in exchange for a small fee. Abby creates her alias, Eleanor, and meets with every potential client at a coffee shop as a precaution, only inviting them to her private loft to have sex if she deems them safe.  Soon enough, Abby has sexual encounters with a wide variety of women, eventually becoming entangled with Sam Bennet, whom she recognizes from spin class. Like Abby, Sam finds herself in a nuclear family which includes a successful spouse (a husband in Sam's case), children, and plenty of money, yet feels an emptiness inside her. Abby's interest in Sam grows as she contemplates spending more time than just their sexual encounters together.  Later, Abby attempts to have sex with Kate but comes off as too aggressive, leading Kate to call it off. Abby meets with Justin about which clients she wants to keep, prompting Justin to ask Abby if this is what she really wants to be doing with her life. Put off by this, Abby meets with The Girl at a coffee shop, where she cuts Justin out of the deal. After another sexual encounter, Abby misses picking up her kids from school, leading to a disagreement with Kate. Days later, Kate takes one of her divorce clients to tour the loft in the hopes of selling it. Abby acts disinterested as Justin pushes for the loft to be sold. The following night, Abby sees Sam with her husband Graham at the supermarket. She keeps her distance at first and observes how they seem to be a perfectly happy couple. Abby innocently introduces herself to Graham before making awkward conversation with Sam and leaving the store by herself.  In time, Kate begins to suspect the encounters. She walks into the loft one day and finds a sleeping Abby, still naked from her most recent session. At home, Abby is on the phone with a client when Kate suddenly drives off. Abby chases after Kate but instead runs into Sam. Abby confronts Sam about their secret relationship, concluding that their sexual encounters were simply due to shared boredom. When Kate returns, Abby questions her wife why she never seems to want her. Kate confesses that she doesn't want anybody, including Abby.  Abby sells the loft to Kate's recent divorce client and returns to her ordinary life with her wife and children. During spin class, she tells her friend Pru about all the maintenance she has to do on the house and on a new loft before the upcoming family trip to Argentina. When Pru asks her what she really wants, Abby echoes Sam and replies that she wants to take a hot yoga class.
In 2002, retired Hall of Fame Pittsburgh Steelers center Mike Webster is found dead in his pickup truck, after years of self-mutilation and homelessness. Before his death, fellow former football player Justin Strzelczyk confides in Webster that he is suffering from memory loss, is saying odd things to his children, and nearly threw his wife against the wall. Webster deliriously responds by reciting from his Hall of Fame induction speech, that the most important thing "all we have to do, is finish the game".  Bennet Omalu (Will Smith), a forensic pathologist with the Allegheny County, Pennsylvania coroner's office, handles Webster's autopsy. Wondering how an otherwise healthy man could have degenerated so quickly, he closely examines microscope slides of Webster's brain, seeing evidence of severe neurotrauma. He concludes that Webster died as a result of the long-term effects of repeated blows to the head, a disorder he terms chronic traumatic encephalopathy (CTE).  With the help of former Steelers team doctor Julian Bailes, fellow neurologist Steven DeKosky and county coroner Cyril Wecht, Omalu publishes his findings in Neurosurgery, which are dismissed by the NFL. In subsequent years, Omalu discovers that Strzelczyk and two other deceased NFL players, Terry Long and Andre Waters, exhibited symptoms very similar to Webster's.  Omalu persuades newly appointed NFL commissioner Roger Goodell to allow him to present his findings before a player safety committee, but he is barred from the committee meeting, forcing former NFL employee Bailes to do the presentation in his place. The NFL does not take the findings seriously and claim the players' head trauma is unrelated to football. Former NFL Players Association executive Dave Duerson angrily confronts Omalu and tells him to "go back to Africa."  Omalu is subjected to considerable pressure to back down from his efforts, as football is a widely beloved sport in Pittsburgh, providing jobs and college opportunities. Wecht is subject to a politically motivated prosecution on corruption charges, and Omalu is threatened with deportation and a prison sentence on petty charges as punishment for tarnishing the NFL's image. His wife, Prema, suffers a miscarriage after being followed in her car. The Omalus are forced to leave their dream home outside Pittsburgh, relocating to Lodi, California where he takes a job with the San Joaquin County coroner's office.  Three years later, Omalu is vindicated when Duerson commits suicide due to his inability to cope with worsening cognitive function. In his suicide note, he acknowledges Omalu was right, and offers his brain for future research. The doctor is invited to address an NFLPA conference on concussions and CTE. He says that he once wished he had never known Mike Webster, but by knowing him, he has the responsibility to inform NFL players of the true risks they take by playing. He says that he holds no resentment for the NFL and tells them to forgive themselves and be at peace.  Amid growing scrutiny from Congress, the NFL is forced to take the concussion issue more seriously, and in 2011, NFL players sue the league for not properly informing them of the risk of CTE. Dr. Omalu is offered the job of Chief Medical Examiner for the District of Columbia, but Omalu turned the offer down to remain with his family in Lodi, becoming naturalized as a U.S. citizen in February 2015. A final montage includes reports of Junior Seau's suicide in 2012 and subsequent lawsuits brought against the NFL by thousands of former players.
Anita Hill, a law professor at the University of Oklahoma, is contacted and questioned about Clarence Thomas. Hill, a former employee of Thomas, is prompted to speak about his workplace treatment. Anita Hill tells the Senate Judiciary Committee that, inter alia, Clarence Thomas had spoken to her about pornographic movies and actors such as Long Dong Silver. A psychologist tells a U.S. senator that Anita Hill has erotomania.  A hearing takes place at which Anita tells the Senate Judiciary Committee that, inter alia, Clarence Thomas sexually harassed her 10 years prior. From there, a slew of events unfolds as the Committee tries to determine who is telling the truth, with the world watching. The subpoena to Angela Wright, another accuser of Thomas, is withdrawn.
In the summer of 2014, Sophie Kessler, a waitress and single mother, who lives with her diabetic mother Kristin and her son Garret in Iowa, discovers that her son is vomiting in his sleep. Fearing that he had developed a new kind of flu, she rushes him to the doctor who reassures her. Garret then develops a rash that neither a pediatrician, dermatologist, or psychologist can diagnose. Sophie theorizes that Garret might have a disease linked to genetically modified organisms. Sophie then goes to a science lab at the university where her mother works as a secretary and meets scientist, Serge Negani. She then meets Peter Landell, who overhears Sophie talking to Serge about her worries for her son, claiming to be a university scientist, claims about files containing the answers to her questions. Sophie leaves Garret with Eddie, a man she met at Garret's school and sneaks into the university with Peter to find the files, using her mother's keys. After discovering that the files are missing, security guards find them and reveal that Peter is really a janitor.  Serge, who has been researching biotech chickens and GMO reactions on rats with fellow scientist Jacob, discovers the chickens to be dead and looks through Jacob's computer for any information. He finds information, exposing the dangers of the project, prints it, puts it into a box, and into the trunk of his car. He calls Sophie to tell her, but she is stressed after finding out that Eddie works as a cop for the GMO corporation, Clonestra, that owns half of Iowa. She refuses to speak with him and hangs up on him. Serge gets into his car and begins to drive to Sophie‘s house to show her the information. Serge is then pursued by two of Eddie’s friends who run him off an interstate, he crashes and is killed upon impact.  After hearing of the accident on the news, Sophie goes to see Serge's widow, who tells her that Serge's grandfather was a farmer in India who was growing GMO corn, with seeds given by Clonestra, which eventually led to the death of their crops which led his grandfather and other farmers to commit suicide in protest. Sophie then goes to a scrap-metal yard, where Serge's car was taken to once it was destroyed, and retrieves the information and takes it to Clonestra with Eddie's help, leading the CEO, Dan Conoway, to resign, after Kristin posts a YouTube video of Sophie explaining to Dan Conoway about the reasons to label genetically modified food. Some time later, Sophie, Garret, Kristin, Eddie, and Eddie's son, Tommy, go to a football game. Sophie then sees numerous people eating food like hot dogs and popcorn and she begins to experience anxiety with her heart pounding rapidly.
Returning from a Hong Kong business trip, PR executive Beth Emhoff has a tryst with a former lover during a Chicago layover. She feels slightly ill, which she attributes to jet lag. Two days later, back home in suburban Minneapolis, Beth's husband, Mitch, rushes her to the hospital when she suffers a seizure; she painfully dies from an unknown illness. Returning home, Mitch finds that his 6-year-old stepson, Clark, has also died. Mitch is isolated but found to be naturally immune. After being released, he protectively keeps his teenage daughter, Jory, quarantined at home.  In Atlanta, Department of Homeland Security representatives meet with Dr. Ellis Cheever of the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention (CDC) over concerns that the disease may be a bioweapon. Cheever dispatches Dr. Erin Mears, an Epidemic Intelligence Service officer, to Minneapolis where she traces everyone having had contact with Beth. She negotiates with reluctant local bureaucrats to commit resources for a public health response. Soon after, Mears becomes infected and dies. As the novel virus spreads, several cities are placed under quarantine, causing panic buying, widespread looting, and violence.  At the CDC, Dr. Ally Hextall determines the virus is a combination of genetic material from pig and bat-borne viruses. Scientists are unable to discover a cell culture to grow the newly identified MEV-1. Cheever determines the virus too virulent to be researched at multiple labs and restricts all work to one government site. Hextall orders UCSF researcher Dr. Ian Sussman to destroy his samples. Believing he is close to finding a viable cell culture, Sussman violates the order and identifies a usable cell culture, from which Hextall develops a vaccine. Scientists determine the virus is spread by respiratory droplets and fomites, with an R0 of four when the virus mutates; they project that 1 in 12 of the world population will be infected, with a 25–30% mortality rate.  Conspiracy theorist Alan Krumwiede blogs about the virus. He claims to have cured himself of the virus using a homeopathic cure derived from forsythia. People seeking forsythia violently overwhelm pharmacies. Krumwiede, having faked being infected to boost sales of forsythia, is arrested for conspiracy and securities fraud.  Hextall inoculates herself with the experimental vaccine, then visits her infected father. She does not contract MEV-1 and the vaccine is declared a success. The CDC awards vaccinations by lottery based on birthdates. By this time, the pandemic's death toll has reached 2.5 million in the U.S. and 26 million worldwide.   Earlier in Hong Kong, WHO epidemiologist Dr. Leonora Orantes and public health officials comb through security videotapes of Beth's contacts in a Macau casino and identify her as the index case. Government official Sun Feng kidnaps Orantes as leverage to obtain a vaccine for his village, holding her for months. WHO officials provide the village with the earliest vaccines, and she is released. When she learns the vaccines were placebos, she goes to warn the village. Mitch stages a home "prom" for Jory after her boyfriend Andrew receives the vaccine, as life begins to return to normal.   In a flashback to the spillover event, a bulldozer from Emhoff's company clears rainforest in China, disturbing bats. One bat finds shelter in a pig farm and drops an infected piece of banana that is then consumed by a pig. The pig is then slaughtered and is prepared by a chef in a Macau casino, who, without washing his hands, transmits the virus to Beth via a handshake.
A bullied teen chef wants to save his grandmother's business by entering a TV cooking contest to win the prize money, only to find his worst bully, Matt Prylek, suddenly pushing to become his new friend—and contest teammate. Meanwhile, Matt's brother Kyle wants him to do some villainous stuff.
Former smuggler Chris Farraday lives a peaceful life with his wife, Kate, and their two sons in New Orleans. They learn that Kate's brother Andy was smuggling drugs, but disposed of them in the Mississippi River during a surprise inspection by U.S. Customs and Border Protection.  Andy's boss, Tim Briggs threatens to kill Chris's family if Andy does not reimburse him for the drugs. Chris plans to smuggle $10 million in fake bills from Panama into the U.S. in a van. He asks former partner Sebastian Abney, who owns a construction business, to fund the scheme before joining the crew of a cargo ship with Andy and partners Danny and Davis. After Briggs breaks into Chris's house and intimidates Kate and their children, they move into Sebastian's house for safety.  In Panama, Chris creates a diversion on the ship so he, Andy, and Danny can leave and retrieve the fake bills. Chris and Danny eventually go to meet an unstable crime lord named Gonzalo for the fakes, leaving Andy in the van with their money. Briggs calls Andy, threatening to kill one of Chris's sons if Andy doesn't go to another address to buy cocaine with the money. With Andy and the money gone, Chris agrees to help Gonzalo rob an armored car in exchange for the fake bills. Gonzalo and his men are killed during the heist, but Chris and Danny escape with the van, the fake bills, and the Jackson Pollock painting Gonzalo was trying to steal, loading it all onto the cargo ship.  Meanwhile, it's revealed that Sebastian is in debt to gangster Jim Church and was secretly working with Briggs. Sebastian hears that Chris plans to dump the cocaine and tells Briggs to threaten Kate in order to stop Chris from doing so. Rattled, Kate leaves Sebastian's with the kids but when she goes back to retrieve some personal items, he drunkenly confronts her and accidentally knocks her out against a bathtub.   Sebastian contacts the ship's captain, Camp, and tells him of the cocaine, promising him a share if he secures it. Camp calls Customs to inspect the ship in New Orleans. The Customs agents find the spot where Chris' team hid the bills, but it's empty. They detain Chris and search the van, but thinking the painting is just a tarp, ignore it and let Chris go.   Chris and Andy are captured by Briggs, who demands the cocaine. Chris takes Briggs to Camp's house, having made a duplicate key while on the ship, and activates the security system. After giving Briggs and his gang the cocaine, Chris sneaks out. Camp awakens to the noise and encounters the gang as the police arrive; they're all arrested for cocaine possession.  Having figured out Sebastian was working with Briggs, Chris drives to Sebastian's house, then his job site, looking for Kate. Sebastian, thinking her dead, had dumped Kate's body in a foundation at the site. Chris beats him up for his betrayal before locating and saving Kate. Sebastian is arrested and sent to prison, where he is greeted by a gang.   Danny and Davis retrieve the fake bills which Chris had dumped into the Mississippi River reaching New Orleans. At a U.S. Customs auction, Andy buys the van for $750 and finds the painting still in it while Chris sells the bills to Church for $3 million. Church asks about the missing painting and tells Chris it can be fenced for over $20 million on the black market. With the money, Chris, Kate, and their children begin a new life in a waterfront house.
U.S. Immigration and Customs Enforcement (ICE) border patrol agents apprehend two "other than Mexican" migrants affiliated with Al-Qaeda in the Arabian Peninsula (AQAP) and Daesh; the Central Intelligence Agency (CIA) suspects that the terrorists are negotiating a deal with the Sonora Cartel – headed by José Rivera (Mircea Drambareanu) – to smuggle terrorists from Mexico into the United States. Former Drug Enforcement Administration (DEA) and CIA Agent John Harmon (Steven Seagal), who had raided a Sonora compound and killed its previous leader, El Mini Oso, is enlisted by CIA intermediary Matt Beck (Andrei Stanciu) to end the extremists' plot.  Harmon recruits old flame and Federal Bureau of Investigation (FBI) agent Zara Hayek (Jemma Dallender) and United States Army Special Forces/CIA-trained spy-drone pilot Matthew Sharp (Russell Wong) after learning that the meeting between the terrorist coalition and the Sonora Cartel will be in Istanbul, Turkey. In Istanbul, Harmon's team spy on Hezbollah leader Ayan Al-Mujahid (Sergiu Costache) and Rivera but the meeting is cut short and adjourned after al-Mujahid notices Sharp's drone.  Following a brief car chase and shootout between Harmon and al-Mujahid's men, Harmon learns from Beck that the real target is Abdul Rauf (Ghassan Bouz), the bomb-maker responsible for the downing of a Crimea Airlines plane in Syria. Rivera's men raid Harmon's safehouse and abduct Hayek; Harmon and Sharp locate and kill Al-Mujahid and his men at the Palace Hotel. Rivera and Rauf escape to the former's compound in Rumelifeneri but are tracked down by Harmon, who shoots them in the neck and head respectively, before embracing Hayek. The film ends with Harmon musing about the necessity of operatives like himself.
In a morgue, a man named BJ with an Abaddon tattoo has sex with a corpse that has a biohazard symbol on the toe tag; afterward, he handles an empty test tube while washing up.  Samantha is trying to get over a recent break-up with her girlfriend, Nikki. The party's host, Alice, plies her with strong drinks, while Zain offers her drugs. After she becomes heavily inebriated, Samantha is approached by BJ, who offers her a drink. Even though she tells him that she is a lesbian, when she begins to black out, BJ takes her to his car and rapes her.  The following day, Samantha thinks she is suffering from a bad hangover. She bickers with her mother, who struggles to accept her daughter's lesbianism and is worried that she might have relapsed into hard drug use. Alice tells Samantha that the police are searching for BJ, whom Alice had never met. At the restaurant where she works, Samantha has trouble eating and is overly sensitive to noise. She can't hear her customers as they order their drinks. When she bleeds heavily from her vagina, she visits her doctor. Despite her protests that she is a lesbian who has not had sex with men for nearly a year, he is suspicious that she has contracted a sexually transmitted disease from heterosexual intercourse because of a rash that has developed in her groin. Samantha is also constantly vomiting and urinating copious amounts of blood. Eventually, a maggot falls out of her vagina in the bathroom without her noticing.  Samantha tries to repair her relationship with Nikki, who is rude to her. Samantha is hurt to learn that Nikki had not notified her that a scholarship offer had come in the mail. Meanwhile, her symptoms continue to worsen, with her eyes turning bloodshot and her hair falling out in clumps. On her way to her doctor, her work calls and says she needs to be at the restaurant until someone can come in for her. As she makes salad, her boss tells her to remove her sunglasses. Noticing her eyes, Samantha says she has pink eye. By this point, Samantha's condition had worsened to the point of her skin being pale, and she had developed dark blue veins on her face and a sore on the side of her lip. Returning to the kitchen, she notices something is up with her fingers. Samantha starts to mess with them, and she pulls a nail off. Then, a female customer screams after finding a fingernail in her salad. Samantha flees the restaurant and returns to her doctor, who advises her to avoid contact with other people until tests can determine the nature of her disease. Instead, Samantha visits Zain, who gives her heroin. When Alice arrives, she encourages Samantha to talk to the police about her encounter with BJ. Believing Alice wants to isolate her from her other friends, Samantha argues with her and storms off. Zain reveals to Alice that he sold Rohypnol to BJ at the party.  After a violent argument with her mother, Samantha turns to Nikki for consolation, but Nikki coldly rejects her and calls her sexually confused. Nikki tries to shut the door, but an enraged Samantha slams the door into Nikki's face before choking her to death. She then drives to Alice's in a rage, and Alice tells her to get out of her house and grabs a knife. Samantha says, "You finally have me," and they kiss. Samantha then vomits blood into her mouth. Alice runs away, but Samantha violently attacks her and murders her by biting into her throat and then hitting her with a blunt object. Losing her sanity, Samantha invites Riley, a man who had a crush on her, to Alice's house and seduces him. They engage in sexual intercourse, but Riley then comments feeling wet and tingly inside her, and then upon withdrawing his penis from her vagina, he sees an excessively abundant amount of bloody maggots fall out of Samantha's vagina and becomes repulsed. He then goes to the bathroom to vomit and inspect himself, including his groin and genitalia, which are covered in massive amounts of blood. While wiping himself, he opens the shower curtain and discovers Alice's body in the bathtub. Samantha flees the house. As she drives, she fades out of consciousness and is involved in a car crash. She emerges from the wreckage, transformed fully into a zombie. Her mother, who has arrived at the scene, begs the police not to shoot Samantha. As the police caution Samantha against moving, she lunges at her screaming mother.
After the events in the previous film, Riley (Matt Mercer) has begun showing symptoms of the same sexually transmitted disease that caused Samantha (Najarra Townsend) to turn into a zombie such as vomiting and urinating a lot of blood including blood coming out of his nose, beginning to look very pale, having a bloodshot eye, and maggots growing out of him. Panicking, Riley decides that he needs to track down the person who first infected Samantha, BJ (Morgan Peter Brown), in the hopes of gaining a cure. Besides showing the same symptoms as Samantha, most of the people Riley loved the most were infected by his virus, especially his grandmother, Margie, Harper, and finally his pregnant sister, Brenda (at the credits scene).  BJ has his own agenda, he is more than willing to continue to spread the disease to other victims. He is immune to the virus and continues to spread it to other victims like Samantha and four other missing women whom he randomly selected in the street. After having sexual intercourse with them, he injects the pathogen virus into their bodies before sending them home. Eventually, he sends threatening tapes to the special agent and orchestrates the end of the world with a zombie apocalypse.  As Riley decides to cooperate with Detective Crystal Young (Marianna Palka), he succumbs to the disease and is killed by BJ, who was at the hospital where Harper died of a seizure while trying to detonate a bomb to create a massive apocalypse by releasing other victims hospitalized there. As Riley is fully transformed into a zombie, he attacks BJ before Detective Young shoots him in the head.  In the mid-credits scene, BJ is shown to be alive, but hospitalized, while a doctor with an Abaddon tattoo tells BJ, "Very soon, my friend, very soon".
In 1999, after an explosion at a women's health clinic in Atlanta, police detective Ben Walls is called back into active duty while on leave.  As he investigates the scene, a second explosion goes off, and he loses consciousness.  He wakes up at a hospital, and captain Miller, his superior officer, orders him to stay in bed.  Eager to contact his wife and return to duty, he dresses and leaves his room, finding the hospital nearly empty.  A nurse explains that most of the hospital's workers have been redirected toward a major fire in the city, which Walls assumes is the clinic bombing.  The nurse directs him to a chapel, where she says several people are gathered.  He finds Miller there with Ester, Jude, and Isaac.  Miller gives him change to contact his wife at a payphone.  After calling his wife, Walls can only speak a few words before the line goes dead.  He attempts to leave the hospital, only to find the door locked.  A security guard named Peter "Grace" Grayson offers to let Walls use the phone in his office, though the line turns out dead.  Grayson says he knew Walls' parents, but a man in a paramedic's uniform shoots Grayson before he can explain further.  Walls binds Grayson's wound and chases the paramedic, who knocks him unconscious.  Because he is not wearing his glasses, Walls does not get a good look at the man's face.  Walls reports the attack to Miller, but the nurse says Grayson's body is missing.  Miller and the others from the chapel believe a man named Daniel to be responsible, though they do not tell Walls.  Daniel, the paramedic, captures Jude and questions him about his belief in God.  Jude says he no longer believes in God, and Daniel cuts out Jude's tongue when he curses God.  After branding Jude with his cult's symbol, Daniel gains control over him.  Daniel lures away the nurse when he says he has found Grayson, and he gains control over her, too, after branding her.  After the nurse attacks him, Walls has a vision of his body in the hospital.  Grayson briefly appears before him and explains that the situation is more complicated than being dead.  Walls confronts Miller, demanding to know why nobody told him the truth, and Miller says that he was prohibited from doing so because of the rules.  Miller orders the others to hide while he stays behind to face Daniel and his cult, but Isaac insists on helping Miller.  As Isaac and Miller engage in a shootout with Daniel's followers, Walls and Ester discuss grace in Christianity.  Ester says that grace is the only way to escape the hospital, which is a test of their faith.  Walls, whose parents were missionaries killed in a bombing, expresses his skepticism in religion.  Isaac disappears when he enters the chapel, and Miller is shot.  Daniel stops his followers from killing Miller, and they search for Ester.  Walls finds Miller and helps him to the chapel, where Miller also disappears after expressing his faith.  Walls tricks the nurse into entering the chapel, and Ester kills her there.  She disappears after entering the chapel, though Walls is confused when he does not.  In a vision, Grayson explains it is because he is not ready.  Walls encounters two ghost hunters, Kris and Casey, who explain they are from 2015 and investigating the 1999 clinic bombing.  They ask Walls to discover Daniel's conspirator.  Daniel reveals he was a member of Walls' parents' congregation but broke away when they adopted a more loving and inclusive message.  Enraged at their perceived heresy, Daniel bombed their church.  As the ghost hunters flee, Walls captures Daniel and tortures him for the name of his conspirator, to Casey's shock.  Before she leaves, Walls gives his recovered glasses to Casey, who returns them to his wife, Hannah.  On the news, Hannah is relieved to see that Daniel's conspirator has finally been caught.
Betty Anne Waters' life revolves around her brother Kenneth, who is now in prison for murder. Despite Kenny's knack for getting in trouble, they have always been close. After the murder of Katherina Reitz Brow on May 21, 1980, in Ayer, Massachusetts, Kenny is initially taken in for questioning by Sergeant Nancy Taylor, but released. Two years later, based on new testimony from two witnesses, Kenny is arrested and tried. The evidence presented at Kenny's trial is entirely circumstantial, but he is convicted of first degree murder and sentenced to life in prison without parole. The three main witnesses against him are Sergeant Taylor, his ex-wife Brenda, and ex-girlfriend Roseanna.  Three years later, Betty Anne lives with her husband, Rick and two sons, Richard and Ben. She is frantic that she has not heard from Kenny, who calls her every week from prison, and finally discovers that he tried to commit suicide. Betty Anne decides to go back to school and become a lawyer so she can exonerate him, but her husband is skeptical and unsupportive, and eventually they split up and later divorce. As Betty Anne struggles with being a working mother attending law school, flashbacks reveal that her mother was callous and uncaring, forcing Kenny and Betty Anne to fend for themselves. The two were very close, but frequently got into trouble, and were eventually taken away from their mother and sent to separate foster homes.  Betty Anne continues to visit Kenny in prison, working in a bar while going to school, but her busy schedule causes her to miss a planned outing with her sons, who decide they would be better off living with their father. Struggling in school, demoralized and exhausted, Betty Anne stops going to classes, until a friend from school, Abra, comes to her house and prods her to just get up, get dressed, and get back to class.  In a study group, Betty Anne learns about the new field of DNA testing and realizes that this could be the key to overturning Kenny's conviction, as only blood types had been matched at the time of the trial. She contacts attorney Barry Scheck from the Innocence Project. The backlog of cases will mean waiting at least 18 months unless she can pass the bar exam and find the blood evidence from Kenny's trial herself to have it tested. She passes the bar exam and begins working hard to get her brother out of jail. At first she is stonewalled, then told the evidence was destroyed, but she refuses to give up, and she and Abra embark on an odyssey to recover any evidence that might still be stored away somewhere.  In the process, Betty Anne learns that Nancy Taylor was fired from the police department for fabricating evidence in another case, which deepens Betty Anne's suspicions about Kenny's conviction and the evidence presented at trial. She is told that the evidence has been moved to the courthouse but after 10 years it was destroyed. Refusing to give up, she and Abra travel to Ayer and personally ask the courthouse supervisor to look through the records and the evidence is found. The DNA results come back and establish that the blood was not Kenny's. Betty Anne and Kenny are overjoyed anticipating his release, but Martha Coakley, of the District Attorney's office, refuses to vacate the conviction, claiming that there was still enough evidence to convict Kenny as an accomplice. Kenny is convinced that no matter what, the authorities will find a way to keep him in prison to avoid admitting their mistake. Betty Anne is heartbroken again, but refuses to give up after Scheck advises her that their discovery not only proves Kenny's innocence, but also that the main witnesses against him were lying.  Betty Anne, Abra, and Scheck visit the other two main trial witnesses, Kenny's ex-wife and his ex-girlfriend. Both tearfully confess that Sergeant Taylor coerced them into perjuring themselves at Kenny's trial. With an affidavit from Kenny's ex-wife and the DNA evidence, Kenny's conviction is vacated and he is freed from prison in June 2001. Betty Anne is able to persuade his daughter, Mandy, whom he had not had any contact with since she was a small child, that he never stopped trying to reach out to her while he was in prison. He is able to reconnect with his daughter, and is reunited with his sister and her sons.  The epilogue states that Betty Anne continues to work at the bar as well as with the Innocence Project to prevent wrongful convictions. She also won a major settlement against the Ayer police department for Kenny's conviction although Nancy Taylor (whom she also won the settlement against) was never charged because of the statute of limitations had expired. The real killer of Katherina Brow has never been found.
thumb|Cool Cat and Derek Savage Cool Cat is making signs for his School President campaign with one of his friends, Maria, when Maria receives a text from a number she doesn't recognize. Cool Cat entices Maria to open the message, despite not knowing who sent it – it reads that Maria is ugly and has rat hair. After several more exchanges, they discover that Butch the Bully, a neighborhood kid lurking behind a car nearby, sent the text.  Butch runs away, laughing, and finds a can of spray paint, which he uses to ruin one of Cool Cat's signs. However, the wind forces some of the spray into Butch's eyes, forcing him to run away again. Butch enlists the help of two other boys to vandalize the neighborhood.  Upon discovering this, Cool Cat runs to confront the three about their behavior, causing Butch to flee and leave the spray can with the other two boys. When the boys are asked why they are doing what Butch says, they say it is because no one loves them. Cool Cat tells them that it isn't true, and that he loves them.  After arriving home and saying goodbye to Maria, Cool Cat heads upstairs to check his e-mails, and discovers that someone has sent him hate mail. Cool Cat tells the bully "If you were nice, you would have more friends", with the bully replying that they will "get him tomorrow". Cool Cat freaks out about what the bully might do to him, causing him to have a nightmare. He arrives at the solution of standing up for himself.  The next day, Cool Cat gets invited to be in the Hollywood Christmas Parade. He asks his parents, Daddy Derek and Momma Cat, if he can go, and they say yes. Cool Cat and Daddy Derek compose and perform a rock song ("Cool Cat Loves to Rock"), and make a music video ("Cool Cat Boogie"). The two then participate in the Hollywood Parade together.  At a cookout hosted by Vivica A. Fox and Erik Estrada, Cool Cat and Maria build a sandcastle, but Butch knocks it down, causing Cool Cat to feel sad and confused. Fox and Estrada give Cool Cat advice on how to stand up to bullies. When Butch returns demanding lunch money, Cool Cat stands up to Butch for the first time, yelling at Butch and causing him to run away. Cool Cat then goes home and enters a kids' writing contest.  Some time later, Cool Cat and his friends hear a radio alert that someone is stealing candy from babies. They identify Butch as the culprit. Cool Cat chases Butch down, and Butch gets arrested by a police officer. Cool Cat and his friends then find a gun in the grass. They decide to tell Daddy Derek about it, but Butch (now released from custody) steals the gun, planning to extort kids at school out of their lunch money. Daddy Derek learns of Butch's plans and calls Butch's parents. The following morning, Daddy Derek escorts Cool Cat and his friends to school, where they see Butch showing off the gun to a friend. The police officer arrives at the scene and arrests Butch again.  Cool Cat wins his election for School President, as well as the writing contest, for which he receives $100. The film ends with Cool Cat and his friends sitting around a table and talking about what they learned.
In Fort Chicken, Illinois, a batch of badly made chicken nuggets containing a mutant virus arrives at Fort Chicken Elementary. A student, fourth-grader Shelley Linker, consumes one of the tainted black-dotted chicken nuggets. Meanwhile, an aspiring horror writer named Clint Hadson substitutes at Fort Chicken Elementary, where he is reunited with his former high school crush Lucy McCormick, whom he learned is dating the physical education teacher Wade Johnson.  During Clint's class, a kid named Patriot is attacked by the blister-ridden and increasingly feral Shelley after he inadvertently pulls a pigtail out of her scalp, with Clint being scratched by her before she flees. After Patriot is taken to the nurse's office, Patriot's friend Dink confronts Shelley while she attempts to dig her way out of the school. Dink plans to report Shelly to the principal's office by turning her in, but Shelley ends up infecting Dink, who then spreads it throughout the playground by scratching the majority of the children before they all proceed to kill several staff members including Mr. Peterson, Vice Principal Simms, and Sheriff Dave.  Later, Clint, Lucy, Wade, and the other surviving staff members (consisting of Doug Davis, Tracy Lacey, and Rebekkah Halverson) are forced to flee the faculty lounge when attacked by Patriot. After escaping to the library and being joined by an uninfected student named Calvin, the staff barricades themselves in the music room. Wade notices Clint has been scratched by Shelley and quarantines him; meanwhile, Doug deduces that Clint is only experiencing symptoms of stomach flu as the virus does not affect adults like it does on children. A sole uninfected student full of wisdom, Calvin concludes that "cooties" are the culprit behind the infection, completely moving the entire staff.  The staff plans to head to the roof at the end of the school day to call out to the arriving parents for help, only to watch the first arriving parent be killed by her own child before they are forced back into the school. As Wade is forced to kill Dink when he followed them into the auditorium, the group is joined by a teenager named Tamra, who they found was scratched by one of the infected kids. Doug concludes from his autopsy of Dink that the infected children are mostly brain dead and the virus only affects people that haven't gone through puberty, meaning that Tamra is safe. As Patriot takes out the power, the group sees that Calvin starts passing out from diabetic shock as they escape with the school janitor Hitachi and take refuge with him.  The group sends Clint through the ventilation system to get a chocolate bar for Calvin, along with Wade's truck keys and their cellphones. Lucy joins Clint and they manage to secure a chocolate bar to bring Calvin out of diabetic shock. Clint and Lucy are separated from the group and get trapped in the library, where they confess their feelings for each other and kiss. Shortly after, Wade apologizes to Lucy for his behavior over a walkie-talkie. Clint knocks out several children with pills and he and Lucy reconvene with Wade and the others as they made themselves improvised weapons. The staff fights their way through the hallway and the parking lot, with Hitachi being overwhelmed by the infected children inside the school, while Wade stays behind to ensure the others get away. Patriot, having hidden in Wade's truck bed, attacks Clint and ends up being crushed against a tree with the truck.  The group continues to the nearby town of Danville (Fort Chicken's rival town) before Wade's truck runs out of gas, finding the town similarly overrun while learning the viral infection has spread across the country. Several children ambush them, and they barricade themselves inside a children's entertainment building where they retrieve a contaminated chicken nugget for Doug to study in hope of developing a vaccine. They are later cornered in a playroom by Shelley and the infected children. Wade and Hitachi arrive in a van and help the group escape the room. Wade uses a massive beach ball to barricade the children inside while spraying them with a water gun filled with gasoline, lighting the gasoline trail to burn the building down. They manage to escape, driving out of the town to "someplace kids don't wanna go" as Shelley burns to death in pursuit.  In a post-credits scene, Hitachi is seen at the school, sitting in a chair and having his snack, and finishes telling a story he was telling the teachers earlier.
Corrupt sheriff Kretzer removes his uniform's shirt and leaves his handgun in the back seat of his police car. He removes a body from his car's trunk, drags and drops it in a covered pit in the woods, and pours a bag of quicklime on it. Meanwhile, two young runaways and juvenile delinquents, Travis and Harrison, come across Kretzer's cop car. Believing it to be abandoned, they hijack the vehicle and go on a joyride. Upon finding his car gone, Kretzer calls his dispatcher Mary Allen to tell her that his radio is down so he should be contacted through phone. Meanwhile, the boys speed down the wrong lane, narrowly missing a woman driving in the oncoming lane.  At a trailer park, Kretzer steals a car, but, after avoiding arrest, he abandons it, replacing it with his own pickup truck when he arrives home. Allen informs him of a report of a stolen sheriff's car driven by two boys under age 10. He orders her to ignore the report and has her tell his deputies to switch their radios to a different channel, before he uses the regular channel to call the boys to no avail.  Travis and Harrison are playing with Kretzer's weapons, but they hear thumping from the car's trunk and open it to see a bloodied man, restrained like the man Kretzer earlier disposed. He manages to convince the boys to free him after informing them about Kretzer being the "bad guy." At home, Kretzer dumps bags of cocaine into his toilet and packs a bag of cash. He hears Harrison on his truck's radio and picks up the call, where Harrison claims to have kept the car safe and tells him their location.  The man from the trunk had betrayed the boys and forced Harrison at gunpoint to tell Kretzer their location so he can enact revenge. He and his brother, the dead body from earlier, were part of a drug deal with Kretzer gone wrong. Locking them in the car's backseat, he threatens the boys' families and warns them not to tell Kretzer where he is hiding before taking cover near a windmill. Kretzer arrives and sees the open front door of the cop car, and takes cover behind the car after sensing that something is amiss.  The woman whose car the boys almost hit earlier, Bev, shows up and walks towards the car, screaming at the boys. She sees Kretzer, who claims to be injured, and he asks her to look for his keys in the direction where he suspects the man is hiding. Bev spots the man from the trunk and gives away his location before she is shot and killed by the man, prompting a gunfight with him and Kretzer. Kretzer manages to kill the man but is severely wounded in the process.  The boys escape the car by shooting out the window, but Travis is hit by one of the ricochets from their escape attempt. Harrison takes the cop car and drives down to get help for Travis, but Kretzer recovers and follows them in his truck while taunting them through the radio. With night falling and not knowing how to turn on the vehicle's headlights, Harrison ignores Kretzer and continues to speed down the road. As Kretzer tries to run them off the road, Harrison sees a cow and avoids it, but Kretzer crashes into it. Harrison continues onward before finally seeing the town lights on the horizon. Allen attempts to contact Kretzer over the radio, which Harrison picks up as he speeds towards town.
James "Jimmy" Monroe and Paul Hodges are veteran NYPD street detectives. After failing to stop a holdup at a cell phone store, allowing the suspect to get away, and putting civilians in danger by engaging in a reckless shootout, both Jimmy and Paul are suspended without pay pending a full investigation of their conduct.  Jimmy's daughter Ava is getting married, and Jimmy realizes he does not have the $50,000 the event will cost. His ex-wife Pam's arrogant second husband, Roy, offers to pay for the wedding, but Jimmy refuses and decides to sell his most prized possession, a one-of-a-kind 1952 baseball card, to come up with the money. The pawnshop is robbed by career criminal Dave, who takes the card. Finding out Dave is planning to rob a house that night, they stake it out to retrieve the card. Jimmy and Paul arrest Dave but find out that he already sold the card to drug dealer Poh Boy, who is obsessed with rare baseball memorabilia.   Jimmy and Paul go to see Poh Boy and cut a deal, agreeing to retrieve a stolen car on the dealer's behalf. They discover a woman named Gabriela in the trunk. Gabriela explains that she is the mistress of Poh Boy's top rival, who was murdered by his gang and tied up as a present for their boss. Jimmy previews the tape from a hidden camera Paul had installed in his home and sees what looks to be Paul's wife Debbie with another man. He tells Paul that there is not anything on the tape, but Paul watches it himself anyway and is heartbroken. Gabriela runs off and is subsequently captured and brought to Poh Boy.  Jimmy bails out Dave and forces him to get the card back, but he accidentally falls out of a tree and hits his head, rending him comatose. Jimmy then breaks into Poh Boy's hideout only to be surrounded by the gang. At the same time, Paul learns that Debbie tricked him by faking an affair after finding his camera. After killing most of the gang in another shootout, Jimmy and Paul find Poh Boy holding Gabriela at gunpoint. They shoot him dead, but Paul's bullet goes through Jimmy's baseball card in Poh Boy's shirt pocket. Impressed with the duo's initiative and inadvertently assisting two colleagues caught up in the shootout, the precinct chief restores Jimmy and Paul to active duty, awarding them both commendations.  Crestfallen at the destruction of his prize card, Jimmy is left with no choice but to let Roy pay for the wedding. His humiliation is only furthered when Pam insists that both her husband and her ex give Ava away. Jimmy says nothing about it, but Paul discreetly aims a gun at Roy and forces him to sit down when the priest asks for Ava to be given away, letting his partner and friend have the moment to himself.  In a post-credits scene, a morgue worker rolls a gurney holding a body bag into the room as the phone rings. She hears grunts from the bag, and opens it revealing a still-alive Dave, who jokingly scares her.
Set in 1862 in a rural upstate New York community referred to as "The Corners", Abner Beech is a dairy farmer and an antiwar Democrat, sharing quarters with the Irish Hurley family. While his neighbors take up the Union cause in the ongoing American Civil War, Beech believes that coercion in resisting the secession of the southern states is unconstitutional and not worth risking the lives of so many young men, gradually becomes more and more harassed for his views, derisively called a "Copperhead." Abner's son, Thomas Jefferson "Jeff" Beech enlists in the Union Army to impress a girl he likes, Esther Hagadorn, the daughter of radical abolitionist Jee Hagadorn, who works to turn the community against Abner.  Esther visits the Beeches one evening to warn them over dinner that a violent mob, including her father, is coming to retaliate against Beech following the election of anti-war Democrats such as Horatio Seymour to the Governorship and downballot county offices. As the mob starts shooting at and setting fire to the farmhouse, Abner tells Esther to escape through the backdoor, but the house is shrouded in smoke and the door is jammed, prompting Esther to hide in the wine cellar. Later that evening, the Beech family is taking shelter in their barn and are visited by Jee who is looking for his daughter. Finding Esther's locket in the smoldering rubble of the farmhouse, Esther is believed dead in the fire, causing a distraught Jee to commit suicide. Esther is soon found passed out, but recovers in time for Jeff to return home from the war (Esther's brother, Ni, went south to check Jeff's whereabouts and rescue him from a prison camp).
Corbin Nash, a New York police officer and boxer, learns from a mysterious stranger that his parents were demon hunters who were slain by vampires.  Investigating the lead in Los Angeles, Nash is captured and forced to engage in brutal fights run by demons.  After defeating the other competitors, Nash is turned into a vampire and dumped on the streets.  He is found by a stripper, Macy, who helps him recover and continue his investigation.  Aided by a blind street prophet, Nash discovers that a pair of sadistic vampires, Queeny and Vince, are behind his parents' deaths and the city's problems.  After confronting and killing them, Nash accepts his destiny to fight evil.
Gerard Jenkins (Lawrence Lamont) wakes up after dreaming himself a famous chef. His older sister calls in saying she is on her way to Cedar Point and so he has to look after their father's (Roger Guenveur Smith) shop. To Gerard's dismay he has to run his father's shop for the day. Over the course of the day a lot of things happen. One of the major events that happen throughout the day is when a local gangster, Nazario (Ari Rufino), comes into the shop and tells Gerard to hold $5,000 for him. Gerard is reluctant but gives in eventually. Later a kid named Mykell (Trevione Williams) walks in to sell Gerard stolen electronics but Gerard doesn't buy any. Gerard gets distracted and Mykell sneaks behind the cashier counter and finds the $5,000 and steals it. Later Nazario comes to Gerard asking for the money. Gerard can't locate it and so is threatened by Nazario at gun point. Mykell admits he stole the money and spent it on himself and so his mom, Keisha (Kia Jelks), could get her car repaired. Nazario is out numbered and leaves. Later one of Gerard's associates tell Gerard that his girlfriends car is getting broken into. Gerard walks out infuriated only to find his family and nearly everyone who frequents the store outside screaming " Happy Birthday"!
Lucy is the abusive, unethical, egotistical CEO of Incredible Edibles, America's premiere provider of edible cutlery. In an effort to save her failing company, she forces her employees on a team building exercise in New Mexico beginning with the task of moving a giant concrete boulder on to a truck. After failing to push the boulder, they attempt to use a large log as a lever to roll the boulder. This attempt also fails as the log snaps, shooting a piece into Aidan's (the intern) leg.  Following this failed exercise, the team embarks on a hike led by Brandon, their indifferent tour guide. While Brandon suggests they take the beginner's route, Lucy instead forces everyone down the advanced route into a nearby cave system. After spelunking through a narrow passageway, the group enter into a large cavern which is lit by a small generator. As the group explores the cavern, a small earthquake occurs, unnerving the group. Panicked, Brandon tries to leave through the now even more narrow entrance but is crushed to death by an aftershock which loosens the boulders above him.  Trapped inside the cave, the group quickly descends into chaos. Aidan begins hallucinating. The group explain Freddie's nickname (FT) actually means "Fuck Toy" because Freddie and Lucy maintain a sexual relationship, albeit Freddie reveals that Lucy is actually "Weinsteinning him." We also learn that Lucy's company is in dire financial trouble, that Lucy steals the group's good ideas, and that she refuses to give Gloria a one dollar bill to use as toilet paper (despite the fact that it is her birthday). Following these revelations, the group expresses their immense hatred toward Lucy, who arrogantly defends herself.  Having only had one package of edible cutlery which Aidan brought, the group quickly run out of food and decide to cannibalize Brandon. As they begin to parcel out his body, they discover he is missing an arm which is eventually found among Lucy's things. After this, Lucy loses complete control of the group. The situation becomes worse when the generator runs out of power, plunging the group into darkness. Lucy assaults Jess after a verbal confrontation and Freddie pushes Lucy in an effort to help Jess. Lucy falls and hits her head on a rock on the ground, becoming immobile. As she lies on the ground, Lucy threatens and belittles Freddie.  The group then hears a drill at the top of the cave, and Jess rallies the workers in moving a large rock with a lever in order to hurry along their rescue. The rock falls and crushes Lucy just as the drill punches through the top of the cave. In the ensuing interview, the group recounts their experience, lying about Lucy's demeanor and Brandon's behavior so that they appear better than they were.
Corrado is the story of a Los Angeles hit man of the same name. Corrado (Messner) is given the task of eliminating the aging kingpin Vittorio Spinello. He readily accepts the job and is about to perform the hit when he is interrupted by Spinello's new nurse, Julia (Elaine). He shoots the aging Spinello by accident, instead of suffocating him as intended, and flees the scene. Julia is wrongly blamed for the death, and is herself about to be killed by Vittorio's son Paolo (Sizemore), when Corrado rescues her. They are then pursued all over Los Angeles by Paolo and his goons in a bid to escape.
Ray Thompson, a narcotics cop recently back on duty after a suspension, receives a package at the station. This leads to a website that shows a madman holding a child hostage. The child has timed explosives strapped to his body. Lt. Cronin arranges to pay the $2,000,112.35 ransom demanded by this criminal and makes Ray the bagman. When the exchange is bungled, Ray shoots and kills the madman before he sets the explosives off. Ray has to team up with Internal Affairs agent Julia Baker to locate the child before it's too late.
At a party, teenager Courtney is convinced by her friends to download Countdown, an app that seemingly predicts how long a user has left to live. Courtney is startled to see it says she only has 3 hours left to live. After avoiding getting into a car with her drunk boyfriend Evan, Courtney receives a notification stating she has broken the "user agreement". Returning home, she is attacked by an unseen entity and killed as her timer reaches zero. At the same time, Evan crashes his car and a tree branch impales the seat where Courtney would have been sitting.  Quinn Harris, a nurse who works at the hospital where Evan is admitted, dismisses his claims of a supernatural app, but subsequently downloads it only for it to claim that she has only two days left to live. Evan skips his surgery and is informed he has violated the user agreement. He tries escaping the hospital, but is confronted by an apparition of Courtney in a stairwell before being killed by the entity.  When Quinn finds out that Evan has died, she enters the morgue and checks his phone, which indicates no time left in the app. Concerned that she will die in the next day, Quinn declines to go out with her family to visit her mother's grave. The app informs her that she has violated the user agreement. Shortly afterward, her boss Dr. Sullivan sexually harasses her and thwarts her attempt to report his offense to her supervisor. When Quinn researches the app, she finds that similar deaths have supposedly occurred involving other users, but the public generally considers them to be fake. She attempts to buy a new phone, but finds that Countdown has downloaded itself onto it.  After being attacked by a demonic figure in the parking lot of the cell phone store, Quinn meets a young man named Matt, whose Countdown states he will die in 18 hours. They learn that the user agreement is broken if the user tries changing their fate: Quinn's trip with her family, and Matt taking a train ride, which they both cancelled, should have resulted in their original deaths. At work, Quinn learns Sullivan has tricked the staff into thinking she sexually harassed him, resulting in her suspension. She and Matt consult a priest named Father John, who informs them that the app is linked to a demon named Ozhin who was originally summoned by a Roma woman who told a prince when he would die. Cell phone salesman Derek hacks into the app code and identifies that Quinn's younger sister, Jordan, was meant to die shortly before Quinn, then adds several decades to Quinn, Jordan's, and Matt's lives. However, while Matt and Quinn spend the night together, the entity takes the form of Matt and attacks Quinn. To their shock, their countdowns, including Jordan's, reset to their original lifespans.  Jordan receives a notification of her countdown changing to the original lifespan and is then terrorized by a demonic form of her and Quinn's deceased mother. Quinn and Matt rescue her and return to Father John, who theorizes the curse can be broken if someone dies before their countdown ends or lives beyond their countdown. They prepare a warding circle in an attempt to delay Ozhin. The demon arrives and the circle initially wards off the demon, until it suddenly lures them outside, killing Matt and wounding Jordan in the process. While in grief over Matt's fate, Jordan starts having serious abdominal pain. Realizing her sister is seriously hurt, Quinn rushes Jordan to the hospital. Once there, she realizes she can kill Sullivan before his allotted time and end the curse. She attempts to attack him, but he is saved by Ozhin, who simultaneously prepares to kill Jordan. As Ozhin is terrorizing Jordan, Quinn overdoses on drugs before her timer ends and proves the app wrong. With instructions that Quinn gave her, Jordan revives her sister with Naloxone and their countdown timers stop. Some time later, while visiting her and Jordan's mother's grave, Quinn receives word of Sullivan's arrest after more nurses have come forward, but discovers that an app called Countdown 2.0 has downloaded itself onto her phone, much to the sisters' horror.
Recent college graduate and hard-working kid, Bridger (Bryce Hirschberg), receives heartbreaking news that his mother has cancer. Strapped for cash, he needs to make more money than his day job pays to provide his mother with treatment. As fate would have it, he finds a half bleached dollar bill in his pocket after pulling his clothes out of the wash. This spurs an idea on how to 'make' a ton of money. BUT he would only focus on counterfeiting 'small' bills, 5s, 10s, 20s, because 'who checks a $10?'. After bringing his close friends in on the scheme, they begin to abuse the process, which puts Bridger, and his mother, at risk. And a sting involving one of his best friends turns deadly.
Beau Hutton sings with Kelly Canter, a recovering alcoholic country music singer going through rehab. He is clearly smitten by her, and it is later revealed that the two have been having an affair, even though Kelly is married to James. Kelly is checked out of rehab a month early by James, who wants her to go on a three-city tour to restore her image. She agrees on the condition that Beau becomes her opening act. James has already planned to see Chiles Stanton, a beauty queen with potential to become a rising singer, perform that night in hopes that she will be Kelly's opener instead.  On the night of Chiles' performance, Beau dismisses Chiles as a "Country Barbie" and does not want her on the tour. Chiles' performance nearly falls apart as she gets stage fright and can not sing; however, Beau steps in and begins to sing "Friends in Low Places". The two sing the song together, and it gives Chiles the courage to continue on her own. James is impressed by Beau's performance, and offers the opening act to both of them. He suggests that Beau and Chiles could make quite the duo, but Beau disagrees. Nevertheless, Beau agrees to go on the tour because he cares about Kelly.  The first show is a disaster: before going on, Kelly receives an anonymous package containing a bloody baby doll with a note reading "Baby Killer," referring to the baby Kelly miscarried when she fell off the stage in Dallas during her last concert before she went into rehab. At that concert, she was five months pregnant and was found to have a blood alcohol level of 0.19 when she was in the hospital for the injuries related to the fall. Kelly falls apart, starts drinking, and almost refuses to go on. However, she is coerced into going on stage by James. She begins to sing "Country Strong" but breaks down on stage. She attempts to try another song, "A Fighter", but breaks down again and is led off stage by her husband, ending the show. They tell the media at a press conference that they had to cancel the show due to food poisoning and head off to the next show.  Beau ends his relationship with Kelly, and begins to spend more time with Chiles, whose fame has been increasing as the tour progresses. Chiles and Beau form a bond and Beau lets go of his earlier hostilities towards her. She even finishes the chorus to his song "Give in to Me". Later, Beau confronts James about Kelly's worsening condition. James insists that Kelly may get better, and says that he can't let her go out with a failure. Beau disagrees and subtly admits their affair. Enraged, James punches him in the jaw.  Before the next show in Austin, Kelly is unable to go on stage after drinking. Beau and Chiles still do their opening act, where they perform "Give in to Me" for the first time together. JJ, Kelly's agent, nearly cancels the tour but is dissuaded by Kelly's offer of sex; having witnessed this, Beau becomes frustrated with Kelly. That same night, Chiles and Beau have sex, and Beau confesses to Chiles that he likes her. In Dallas, Beau gives Chiles a pair of star-shaped earrings and asks her to move with him to California. Chiles immediately agrees, but then asks for more time to consider the offer.  The two perform and Kelly comes out, this time sober and ready, and performs her entire set for the first time. Kelly performs "Country Strong", "Shake That Thing", and "Coming Home". After the concert, James and JJ immediately begin making plans for Kelly's future. That night, Kelly commits suicide by overdosing on prescription medication.  She leaves a letter to Beau, echoing his earlier words that "Love and fame can't live in the same place." In the letter, she gives him the advice to choose "love". Beau takes her advice, and after Kelly's funeral, he moves to California.  Later on, Beau is singing in a bar in California, when Chiles walk in, wearing the earrings he gave her. They begin singing "Give in to Me" together.
When his truck is stolen at a gas station, Nathan Hayes chases it and manages to reclaim the truck but the criminal gets away. Though he is injured, he crawls back to his truck, and sees that his little baby boy in the back is okay. When the police arrive, sheriff's deputies Adam Mitchell and Shane Fuller meet Hayes, discovering he is a new deputy, having recently moved to Albany, Georgia.  The personal lives of these officers are observed: Mitchell adores his nine-year-old daughter, Emily, but is distant from his fifteen-year-old son, Dylan, because he doesn't share his son's interest in 5k runs. Hayes never knew his biological father, instead treating a neighbor as his father (even giving him Father's Day cards annually), but would risk his life to save his three children; however, his teenage daughter Jade, resents him because he has a strict policy about dating, and won't let her go out with her love interest Derrick. Fuller is divorced, as were his parents, and has joint custody of his son. David Thomson is young and single.   Javier Martinez is an immigrant struggling to provide for his family after being laid off when a construction company went over budget. While job-hunting he walks down an alley asking God what He wants him to do. Mitchell, thinking he is a different Javier recommended to him by a friend, calls him over to help with backyard projects and construction. After paying him for the job, Mitchell recommends him to a new full-time job, where he is hired.  One day, Emily is killed by a drunk driver, devastating Mitchell and his family. Following his daughter's death, Mitchell reads about fatherhood in the Bible. He decides he must be a better father and crafts a detailed "Resolution" to honor God in every aspect of his family. Mitchell, Hayes, Fuller, Thomson, and Martinez join him in his resolution at a formal ceremony conducted by Hayes's neighborhood mentor, the man he thinks of as a father. As a result of the resolution, Mitchell and Fuller mend their relationships with their sons, Hayes with his daughter, and he also visits the grave of his biological father whom he had never met and forgives him. Thomson reveals that he fathered a child in college and deserted the mother after she refused to have an abortion. He writes the mother and seeks to mend their relationship and to see his child, after seeing that abandoning kids contributes to crime on the streets, and does not want that burden on her.   Martinez's manager offers him a promotion on the condition that he falsify inventory documents. After being given a day to think about it, Martinez refuses, maintaining that it would be wrong. Impressed, his boss promotes him and raises his pay, revealing that the condition had been a test of Javier's integrity, with Javier being the only individual to pass after many others had been tested.   Mitchell discovers that Fuller has been stealing drugs from police evidence to resell on the streets for money. Mitchell decides he must honor his Resolution and report the corruption. He sets up a sting leading to Fuller's arrest and imprisonment. Fuller explains his motives that he was doing it for his son, feeling that his yearly pay wasn't enough to provide for him. Mitchell visits Fuller in jail where Fuller admits to his mistakes and asks Mitchell to look after his son. During a minor traffic stop, Hayes and Thomson unknowingly confront the armed leader of a gang they have been repeatedly encountering. One of the gang members is Derrick, who stops the gang leader from shooting Hayes with a shotgun. After an intense firefight, Deputy Hayes asks Derrick what he's doing with the gang, and the later responds that he had no one else that cared about him.  At a Father's Day church service, the men present the Resolution and Mitchell urges the fathers in the congregation to be a godly influence on their families. Mitchell runs in a 5K race with both his and Fuller's sons, Hayes begins to teach and mentor Derrick in prison, and Thomson meets his daughter for the first time.
Courageous Love is about a young man named Alex Shelby who is appointed president of his father's company Shelby Engineering shortly after his parents are tragically killed. At the annual company banquet a server accidentally pours punch all over Alex. He then goes to the kitchen and puts on an apron to cover up the spill. After that he begins helping the cooks with the event instead of attending as the newly appointed president.  The company is floundering financially as new building contracts dry up. Under pressure Alex signs an unwise contract landing him in a situation to finish a building on a very tight deadline. A purchase order mix-up causes the building to be delayed due to the delivery of wrong materials. Michelle Long, who is the head of purchasing at the Manhattan branch of Shelby's company, takes the fall for this delay. When Alex comes to Manhattan to work things out at the downtown office, Michelle remembers him as the caterer from the banquet. On the spur of the moment, Alex tells her that he is a new employee at this office. He then works undercover to figure out what went wrong with the building project. While working undercover as a graphic designer, Alex and Michelle fall in love. Alex is forced to make tough decisions when he has to choose between saving his company or his relationship with Michelle.
In 1873 New Mexico Territory, a man awakens injured in the desert with a strange metal bracelet attached to his left wrist and no memory. He wanders into the town of Absolution, where preacher Meacham treats his wound. Sheriff John Taggart recognizes the stranger as wanted outlaw Jake Lonergan and attempts to arrest him. Jake nearly escapes, but a woman named Ella Swenson interferes. Taggart and his men prepare to transport both Jake and petulant young drunkard Percy Dolarhyde to Santa Fe for trial.  Percy's father, Colonel Woodrow Dolarhyde, a ruthless cattle baron, arrives with armed men and demands Percy be released. He also wants Jake, who has stolen gold from him. During the standoff, alien ships begin attacking the town. Percy, Taggart, and other townsfolk are abducted by grappling cables fired from the bottom of the ships. Jake's bracelet inexplicably activates and transforms, becoming a weapon; he shoots down a ship, ending the attack.  Dolarhyde, Ella, and other townsfolk form a posse to track an injured alien that escaped from the downed ship. Meanwhile, Jake travels to an abandoned cabin and, in a flashback, recalls returning to it with stolen gold and then being abducted, along with a woman named Alice, by the aliens. His memories returning, Jake joins the posse. During the evening, they come upon a capsized paddle wheel steamboat that the aliens apparently dumped far from any large river. They camp inside it; during the night, the alien kills Meacham, who sacrifices himself to save Emmett, Taggart's grandson.  By morning, most of the posse has deserted, and Jake's former gang attacks the rest. Jake, who stole the gang's loot after their last heist, attempts to retake control but is foiled. The aliens attack again and abduct Ella. Jake jumps aboard the ship and attacks the alien pilot, causing the ship to crash in a river. The pilot survives the crash and attacks Ella, fatally wounding her, before Jake kills it with his wrist-blaster.  The remaining posse is captured by Chiricahua Apache Native Americans, who blame them for the alien attacks. After Ella's corpse is dumped on a fire by a Chiricahua warrior, she is resurrected and emerges from the fire. Ella reveals herself to be from another alien race, who had traveled to Earth to help resist the invaders after they destroyed her home world. The aliens – who are mining gold and abducting people to conduct experiments on them – have superior weaponry and are far stronger and more durable than humans; only Jake's wrist weapon or a well-aimed round from a rifle can kill them with a single shot. Ella tells them that the previous attackers were just scouts.  She also claims Jake holds the secret to the aliens' whereabouts and argues that they must defeat the aliens before the invaders exterminate all life on Earth. After taking medicine offered by the Apaches' medicine man, Jake's memory returns. He recalls watching Alice get vivisected and euthanized; he escaped by stealing the bracelet encasing his wrist. He also remembers the location of the aliens' base of operations: their landed mother ship.  With this knowledge, they plan to attack the alien base. Jake leaves to persuade his old gang to join the fight while Dolarhyde takes command of the original group and the Apaches. After the combined groups maneuver the aliens into a ground battle, Jake and Ella board the ship and free the captives, but Jake is captured. Dolarhyde rescues him, and both men escape from the ship after killing the alien responsible for Alice's death (identified as Jake left a distinctive scar on its eye in his original escape). The ship takes off as the remaining aliens flee Earth, but Ella stays on board to end the threat: she sacrifices herself by entering the ship's core and turning Jake's wrist weapon into a bomb; it detonates, obliterating the ship.  With the aliens gone, the rescued townsfolk begin remembering their pasts. Still a wanted man, Jake chooses to leave; the sheriff and Dolarhyde decide to claim he was killed in the invasion. The citizens intend to rebuild their town with the gold taken from the aliens.
12-year-old Ida Clayton (Bailee Madison) lives with her single mother, Elaine (Alicia Witt) in urban Oklahoma, but Ida's summer days are boring and full of nothing to do, so she begins sneaking off to rodeos in order to keep herself entertained. Ida's father, a man named Walker whom she never met, is a subject that Elaine refuses to speak about, and is part of the reason why she disapproves of rodeos. When Ida is given the opportunity to tour America with The Sweethearts of the Rodeo, a group of young women who perform at rodeos, Ida takes it, and after several scenes, Elaine approves. Ida quickly befriends the Sweethearts managers, Terence Parker (James Cromwell) and his daughter, Rebecca (Kathleen Rose Perkins). She sets off on a quest, looking for her father with the help of fellow Sweethearts, troubled, retiring alcoholic, Kansas (Dora Madison Burge), Madison (Leslie-Anne Huff) and Kansas's new lover whom Rebecca disapproves of, Justin Wood (Jackson Rathbone).
A hopeless romantic thinks he's found true love with an older woman, only to learn that she's married and that his fling is merely an instrument of revenge against her neglectful husband.
University of Florida swimmer Haley Keller receives a call from her sister Beth, who informs her that Category 5 Hurricane Wendy is on its way to Florida and advises her to get out of the state. Concerned for the safety of her estranged father Dave, Haley goes to check on him at his condo but finds it empty. She goes against the instructions of Beth's ex-boyfriend Wayne, a member of the Florida Police Department, by deciding to check out their old family home in Coral Lake, a location at risk of flooding.  Haley finds the house empty, so she descends into the house's crawl space with the help of the family dog, Sugar, and finds her father unconscious. Suddenly, her main exit is cut off by several large American alligators. As the house begins to flood, Haley attempts to navigate around them to retrieve her phone but is ambushed by two alligators that destroy the phone and injure her leg. She notices three people looting a nearby gas station, but, despite one of them spotting her signal, each of them is devoured by alligators as she watches in despair.  Wayne and his partner Pete arrive at the old house in search of Haley and her father. While Wayne heads into the house to look for them, Pete is ambushed and ripped apart by a swarm of alligators. Wayne locates them as they warn him of the dangers in the crawl space before being pulled into the crawl space and devoured underwater by an alligator. In a last-ditch effort to escape, Haley swims to a storm drain, where she discovers the alligators have made their nest and laid eggs.  Haley successfully kills an alligator using a gun she retrieves from Wayne's body, shooting down the alligator's throat while her arm is inside of it. She then swims out into the flooded street through the storm drain and enters the house to crowbar the living room floor open, saving Dave from drowning. Haley, Dave, and Sugar carefully make their way onto a boat outside as the eye of the hurricane moves over the neighborhood. The floodwaters break the nearby levees, crashing them back into the house.  As Dave and Sugar make their way up the stairs, Dave loses his right arm when he is attacked by an alligator. Haley navigates around the kitchen and uses a discarded police radio to broadcast a distress signal to authorities. She also manages to trap an alligator in the house bathroom and attempts to flag down a rescue helicopter from an upstairs bedroom. However, Haley is attacked by another alligator that tries to perform a death roll. While Dave and Sugar escape to the attic, Haley stabs the alligator in the eye with a flare and all three reunite on the roof. After narrowly avoiding another alligator, Haley lights a flare and flags down the rescue helicopter as Dave proudly watches.
Vivianna is making out with ranch hand, Gareth. She receives a call from a man she is having an affair with. The man informs her that he wants to break up with her and that he has informed his wife Alice of his infidelity. It is hinted that Vivianna knows Alice. Vivianna tries to convince him to stay on the call but the man disconnects the call. Vivianna is attacked and murdered by a man dressed in black.  Belinda, Alice's sister is dropped to the airport by Eddie, who turns out to be Alice's husband. It is revealed that their marriage is in trouble and Alice would be joining her sister next day due Eddie's business. Meanwhile, four friends Cassie, Taylor, Dorri and Princess meet up at the airport and head for the ranch to spend weekend to celebrate Alice's birthday. They are not happy that Alice will be joining them one day late. At the ranch Gareth hits on all the girls and it is apparent that Princess is interested in him and Cassie doesn't like him.  BJ  and Minnie are already in the cabin. They are soon joined by Cassie, Taylor, Dorri and Princess. Minnie has an Intuitive mind and she sense that Dorri might be suffering from relapse of cancer. BJ and the girls settle down for dinner and slowly secrets start to tumble out. It is revealed that Princess was in extra-marital relationship with Eddie. They also discuss Vivianna's absence but nobody seems to be interested in it. Cassie and BJ turn out to be homosexuals.  During dinner Taylor accidentally spills some wine over the carpet, when they start cleaning it. Blood stains can be seen on the floors under replacement carpets. BJ explains to the girls that 15 years earlier mass murder had occurred in the same house. The teenage girls murdered on that day were having a sleepover. The killer was dubbed "Vanity Killer" and he/she was never found.  Finally Belinda arrives at the ranch and they all decide to retire for the night. Gareth arrives at the ranch and has sex with Princess. Cassie tries to make out with Taylor, but Taylor rejects her advances. Next day morning the girls bicker again and this time it is revealed that Belinda was also in relationship with Eddie. Belinda and Cassie trade insults, Belinda gets angry and walks away into the woods, where she is attacked and murdered by the man dressed in black. The killer uses her high heel sandals to kill her.  Gareth comes back to warn the group about the incoming storm and hits on Taylor, she seems uninterested but this makes Princess jealous. The group goes out to the town to have lunch, Dorri opts out of it. The group returns to the ranch and find all of Belinda's stuff missing. Gareth comes back and again hits on Taylor, this causes Taylor and Princess to get into a physical fight but the girls finally make peace sharing their secrets. The group decides to retire for the night. Cassie again tries to make out with Taylor but is rebuked. It is now revealed that Cassie and Taylor had made out with Eddie. Princess is murdered by the killer at night and he cuts her scalp.  An angry Cassie meets Minnie on her way back and they make out. Alice finally arrives at the ranch and meets up with rest of the folks. Next day the girls decide to go an hike. They talk and it is revealed that Eddie has had sex with all her friends (including BJ) other than Cassie, Minnie and Dorri, causing both Dorri and Alice to freak out. They realize that Taylor is  missing and the groups goes out to find her and they end up finding Belinda's dead body in the woods. They go back to the house, hoping they could get network there and call for help. Cassie finds Princess's scalp and the group feels that the Vanity Killer might be back.  Cassie decides to take horse to get help from the ranch hands. The rest of the group stays inside the house. At night the killer kills Taylor by making her swallow the pearls from her necklace. It is now revealed that there are two killers and not one. Next day the group finds Taylor dead and with no signs of forced entry into the house, they decide to hike their way out of the ranch. On the way they meet dying Gareth and they start suspecting Cassie.  Further up the way they meet bloodied Cassie on the way, thinking she is behind all the killings BJ hits her on the head killing her. A stressed out BJ applies his face cream which burns his face and kills him instantaneously. Finally Dorri reveals that she is responsible for killings that happen 15 years earlier and the ones happening now. She explains that the girls who came to the ranch 15 years earlier were rude to her and the ranch hand's son helped her take revenge. She further explains she killed all the friends because they cheated Alice by having sex with her husband. She did this because Alice was the only person who was kind to her during her childhood. She further reveals that she is dying and she wanted to clean things up before she dies. Dorri then goes on to kill herself.  A cop finally explains to Minnie and Alice that Cassie is dead. He further explains that both the homicides are related. Eddie tries to win Alice back but she decides to start her life afresh.
Zack (Haas) is a young, divorced father who starts to develop romantic feelings towards his friend Rebecca (Zima), whom he refers to as "Crazy Eyes". He spends a lot of time at a bar run by his best friend Dan Drake (Busey) and hanging out with Autumn (Raymonde). As he pursues a sexual relationship with Rebecca, Zack grows increasingly aware of the importance of his son's role in his life amidst the failing health of his own father.
Depressed after getting dumped by her cheating husband, Augusta recovers from a resulting nervous breakdown by way of observing her two sons, 18-year-old Henry and older brother Matthew, as they come of age.
Rachel Chu, a professor of economics at New York University, and her boyfriend Nick Young travel to Singapore for the wedding of Nick’s best friend Colin Khoo and Araminta Lee. The following day, Rachel visits her college roommate Goh Peik Lin and her wealthy family, who reveal that Nick's family is extremely wealthy and akin to royalty in Singapore. Later that evening, Rachel and Peik Lin arrive at the sprawling Young family estate for a dinner party. Nick introduces Rachel to his mother Eleanor, while his cousin Astrid Leong-Teo discovers that her husband Michael, who comes from a more humble background than the Youngs, has been having an affair. Rachel immediately senses that Eleanor dislikes her. Nick then introduces her to his grandmother, matriarch Shang Su Yi, who takes a liking to Rachel.   At Araminta's bachelorette party, Rachel meets Amanda Ling, who reveals she is Nick's ex-girlfriend and tells Rachel that she may face rejection by the Youngs due to her modest background; Rachel is also accused of being a gold digger. Meanwhile, Nick attends Colin's bachelor party and reveals his plan to propose to Rachel. Colin expresses concern about the potential conflicts: apart from their class difference, Nick is expected to stay in Singapore and run his family's corporation, whereas Rachel loves her job in New York City. Nick apologizes to Rachel for not telling her who he really is and takes her back to the Young estate to make dumplings. Eleanor recounts her sacrifices to be a part of the family and calls out Rachel's stereotypically American pursuit of passion. She privately recounts to Rachel how Nick's father had to obtain her engagement ring because Su Yi disapproved of her and refused to give him the family ring, and tells Rachel that she will never be enough for Nick or his family.   Peik Lin convinces Rachel to stand up to Eleanor and earn her respect. On the day of the wedding, Peik Lin and Oliver T’sien, Nick’s second cousin, give Rachel a glamorous makeover. Meanwhile, en route to the wedding, Astrid confronts Michael, who blames his infidelity on the financial disparity between them. At the afterparty, Eleanor and Su Yi privately confront Rachel and Nick because via a private investigator they learned that Rachel's father is alive, and she was conceived through an extramarital affair, after which her mother Kerry fled to the United States. They demand that Nick stop seeing Rachel for fear of scandal. The shocked and heartbroken Rachel, whose mother told her that her father was dead, flees to Peik Lin's home, remaining in a depressed stupor.  Kerry later arrives upon request by Nick, explaining that her abusive husband led to the comfort of an old classmate who then impregnated her; she fled in fear that her husband would kill them. Nick apologizes to Rachel and proposes, willing to abandon his family to be with her, but Rachel rejects. She then meets Eleanor at a mahjong parlor and points out that Eleanor has created a stalemate: Nick can forsake Rachel and remain dutiful but resentful of his family, or he can forsake his family for love. Making use of her expertise in game theory, she hands Eleanor the mahjong tile that lets her win, and reveals that she could have kept the tile for herself and claimed victory. Having thus demonstrated her willingness to place family over self, she leaves with Kerry to the airport. Meanwhile, Astrid moves out with her son Cassian, and tells Michael that his insecurities caused their marriage to fail. Eleanor gives her blessing to Nick and Rachel by giving Nick her ring, which Nick uses to propose to Rachel on the plane before her flight departs. Rachel accepts and they stay in Singapore for an engagement party. There, Astrid and her ex-boyfriend Charlie Wu spot each other; she discreetly smiles.
Thomas Zelda (Tim Allen) has been paroled from prison for being involved in movie piracy. He is picked up by his eccentric sister Viki (Sigourney Weaver) who is revealed to be a habitual liar (she claims it's so people aren't hurt by the truth).  Tommy arrives at Viki's home, where he plans to spend some time putting his life back together when it is revealed that his grandmother was told (by Viki) that he went to France instead of prison. Due to her heart condition, Tommy keeps up the story leading to a euphemism where France means "prison". Viki's husband Ed (J.K. Simmons) asks Tommy if he thinks he'll go "back to France" soon.  During dinner, Gray (Ray Liotta), Tommy's old partner from the movie piracy business, shows up and his sister runs him off.  The next day, Tommy meets with his parole officer, Angela Popadopolous (Jeanne Tripplehorn), who requires him to work at a pirate-themed restaurant called "Pirate Burger" as part of his parole. He informs Angela that he wants to start up his father's painting business instead, but is told that he is required to work at the restaurant.  While on the job, Tommy sees Christy (Julie Bowen), his "dead" ex-girlfriend come up to the drive-through window. Realizing Viki lied to him, he takes the delivery car to see Christy, leading them to spend the night together. The next morning, it is revealed that Christy is engaged to Frank (Kelsey Grammer) and Tommy is forced to escape the apartment.  Since he took the delivery car without permission, Tommy is fired from "Pirate Burger" and risks going back to jail for breaking the terms of his parole. Tommy is given another chance and goes back to work.  That night, Tommy is "kidnapped" by Gray and Gray tries to persuade him to get back into the piracy business. Tommy refuses stating that he wants to "go straight".  Tommy is called to make a delivery. He arrives at the apartment of Angela. Her son Ethan is trying to play matchmaker to get her to start dating again. While there, Tommy notices that the apartment is in need of a paint job. Tommy decides to show Angela the kind of work he can do. With the help of two ex-con coworkers Rick and Edgar (Malcolm Goodwin and Jon Gries) from Pirate Burger, Tommy breaks into Angela's apartment while she's away and repaints the living room.  Meanwhile, the fictional story about Tommy's "France" trip continues to evolve including a relationship with Simone, a French astronaut who was killed on the launchpad so that Tommy's mother would not fly everyone to France to meet her (because she does not exist).  Angela is furious at Tommy for breaking and entering, but understands what he was trying to do and doesn't press charges. She sets him up to paint a judge's home. While doing the job, Angela shows up to check on Tommy's work and invites him to observe Ethan's little league team. Later, the judge's wife who is impressed by the work invites Tommy to paint the upstairs as well.  While getting tools together, Edgar and Rick prepare the upstairs for painting and knock the judge's wife's diamond ring off the dresser. Wanting to do something nice for Tommy, Edgar steals the ring and gives it to Christy as a "gift from Tommy". Tommy, who doesn't know that the theft has occurred, joins Angela at the little league game and they begin to express feelings for each other. They set up a formal date.  When Tommy arrives at Angela's apartment for the date, Angela is furious over the theft and demands the ring back. Tommy goes to Pirate Burger to confront Edgar and Rick, but they have disappeared. He steals the delivery car (his vehicle refuses to start) and calls Edgar and Rick. They inform him of the ring's location and he drives to Christy's house to get the ring back. After a short confrontation with Frank and Christy, he gets the ring and returns it to Angela.  The manager of Pirate Burger presses charges on Tommy, and he goes back to jail. Gray shows up to bail him out and, disillusioned with his attempts to "go straight", Tommy teams back up with Gray.  Meanwhile, Ethan shows up at Viki's house wanting to see Tommy but he is not there. Viki finds Tommy with Gray at the airport and makes up a story about Ethan going missing. Tommy chooses to abandon Gray at the airport (after Gray pushes Viki to the ground) to find Ethan. When he shows up at Angela's apartment, he finds out that Viki has lied to him again. Tommy's concern for the well being of her son softens Angela's animosity towards him.  At the behest of Viki, Tommy invites Angela to come to a dinner at Viki's house. Angela shows up for the dinner. A story Viki told Tommy's grandmother about Angela being Tommy's "grief counselor" falls apart when Angela informs her that she is actually Tommy's parole officer, and the France story falls apart too. Viki tries to act surprised, but nobody buys it.
Cal Weaver is a middle-aged man whose wife Emily asks for a divorce after she reveals an affair she had with co-worker David Lindhagen. After moving into his own apartment, Cal begins frequenting an upscale bar, talking loudly about his divorce, until he attracts the attention of a young man named Jacob Palmer.   Jacob, a womanizer who beds different women each night, was recently rejected by a woman named Hannah. He takes pity on Cal and offers to teach him how to pick up women. After a few awkward attempts to talk to women, he seduces Kate at the bar. This experience gives Cal the confidence to approach other women, and he begins to emulate Jacob's example successfully.  Eventually, Cal and Emily reunite at their 13-year-old son Robbie's parent-teacher conference, where she is impressed by his newfound confidence and fitted clothes. Their reunion goes well until Robbie's teacher is revealed to be Kate, who shares with Emily that she and Cal have had sex. He inadvertently confesses to having sex with nine women since their separation and Emily leaves in disgust.   Meanwhile, Hannah, a recent law school graduate, is offended by her boyfriend as he offered her a position as a permanent lawyer at his firm instead of proposing to her. She returns to the bar where she originally rejected Jacob's advances, finds him, and asks if he still wants to take her home. Jacob takes her back to his luxurious home, but instead of becoming physically intimate, they spend the night talking and laughing until they both fall asleep.  Cal and Emily's son Robbie makes numerous grand gestures to win the heart of Jessica Riley, his 17-year-old babysitter, who has a crush on Cal. At the advice of a classmate, she takes nude photos of herself, intending to give them to him. Emily calls Cal under the guise of needing help with the pilot light, but he sees through the ruse. Realizing that she called just because she missed him, Cal decides to win her back.   Jacob returns Cal's calls, asking for advice about being in a real relationship and meeting his girlfriend's parents. Jessica's mother finds the naked photos and her father, Bernie, rushes to the Weavers' to confront him about the photos, with Jessica in pursuit. Cal and his kids create a makeshift mini golf set in their backyard to remind Emily of their first date.  During the gathering, Jacob and Hannah show up, and Hannah is revealed to be Cal and Emily's first daughter born to them right out of high school. Cal is appalled that Jacob is dating his daughter, and forbids her from seeing him. Bernie shows up and attacks Cal. Jessica arrives and tells her father that Cal knew nothing of the photos. David arrives on the scene to return Emily's sweater from a previous date. When Jacob identifies him, he punches him in the face for the pain he caused Cal. Cal, Jacob, David, and Bernie then get into a scuffle which is soon broken up by the police.   Cal starts spending time at the bar again, where Jacob finds him. Jacob confesses that he is in love with Hannah and has begun to re-evaluate his life as a result. Cal is happy that Jacob is a changed man but does not approve of Jacob and Hannah's relationship, having seen his former lifestyle. Jacob resigns without harboring any ill feelings; rather, he expresses his respect for Cal and praises him for being a great father.  At Robbie's eighth grade graduation, salutatorian Robbie gives a pessimistic speech about how he no longer believes in true love and soulmates. Cal stops him, and recounts his own courtship with Emily to the audience, saying that, while he does not know if things will work out, he will never give up on her. With renewed faith, Robbie reaffirms his love for Jessica, to the audience's applause.   After the ceremony, Cal gives Jacob and Hannah his blessing. Jessica gives Robbie an envelope containing her nude photos to "get him through high school." Cal and Emily have a laugh talking about the events that have transpired the past year, and watching them from afar, Robbie smiles optimistically.
The film begins with Tionne Watkins narrating about the girls' lives as children, and summarizing their story. The film then jumps to the year 1990 in Atlanta, Georgia. Tionne, after being rejected from an all-male street dance crew despite impressing the crowd at a rollerskating center, is approached by her friend, Marie, who informs her about a girl group being formed by Ian Burke and persuades her to audition for LaFace Records. Tionne, although reluctant, brings Crystal Jones, the founder of the group, to meet her rapper friend Lisa Lopes and see her perform, and Crystal says that she will be perfect for the group. After singing "Meeting in the Ladies Room", they receive a mixed reception, mostly in part due to Crystal's ill-fated actual performance. However, both Tionne and Lisa garner interest from both Perri "Pebbles" Reid and her husband, co-founder of LaFace Antonio "L.A." Reid. After receiving the good news from both Pebbles and L.A., Lisa decides to call her family in Philadelphia and tell them the great news, especially her father, who told her that she would never make it as a rapper. She calls her family only to learn that her father has been shot and killed, which causes her to begin drinking heavily in her grief.  The film jumps ahead to a dance class in 1991 where Damian Dame backup dancer Rozonda Thomas participates. Rozonda sees Pebbles walk in and talk to her teacher. When she asks one of the other girls why Pebbles is there and learns about Pebbles looking for another girl for a girl group, Rozonda rushes over and immediately talks to Pebbles. When her dance teacher tries to shoo her away, she starts singing, amazing everyone listening. Pebbles brings Rozonda to meet Lisa, Tionne, and music producer Dallas Austin, who is Tionne's longtime friend. The girls become fast friends and at their audition, where they perform "What About Your Friends", L.A. gives them the green light to cut their first video and record. However, Pebbles points out a naming problem as she intended to call the group TLC after Tionne, Lisa, and Crystal; and Rozonda is rechristened "Chilli" for the group at Lisa's suggestion. Pebbles also envisions the girls wearing high-heels and skirts, but Tionne affirms their preference for baggy clothes and dancing, to which Pebbles concedes but warns the girls they have to work hard in order to succeed. After the audition, Chilli asks Tionne about Dallas, and she states that he is a player - a non-committal man who has flings with several women.  Pebbles takes the girls out to lunch to sign the contracts, telling them that they have a weekly stipend of $25.00 and will only get paid when they have sold records and tickets to shows. The girls are given studio sessions, where Pebbles forces the girls to do sections of their dance routines repeatedly to get them right. During the rehearsal, Pebbles notices Chilli seeing Dallas, who is producing some tracks for the album, and Lisa complains she is hungry whilst cursing. She pulls all the girls aside and tells them that they will not swear or be loose, which seems to offend them, but they get back to work. Pebbles later leaves the girls during a studio session to attend a meeting. She tells Dallas to keep the girls working, but instead, a fun food fight breaks out between the girls and Dallas. Dallas chases Chilli into one of the sound booths and proceeds to kiss her. After re-entering the studio, Pebbles sees the two lip-locked lovers and begins to reprimand the girls and Dallas for their behavior. After docking the girls two weeks' pay, she suspends Chilli from the group and insists on holding auditions to see if there is another singer who fits her vision, despite Tionne and Lisa both telling her that they want Chilli to stay.  While Tionne and Lisa sit through a day of bad auditions, an upset Chilli is with Dallas, who comforts her by kissing her, which leads to them having sex. After Pebbles decides to let Chilli stay in the group, Lisa and Tionne call Chilli to tell her the news. Right after Chilli gets that call, she looks down at a positive pregnancy test that she has just taken. She tells Dallas that she is uncertain what to do, despite her desire to be a mother, and Dallas says that he will support her in whatever decision she makes. Chilli decides to get an abortion in order to save her fragile career. Tionne and Lisa come to visit Chilli after the operation to cheer her up. After Chilli has recovered, they are seen working on their first music video for their song "Ain't 2 Proud 2 Beg" from their debut album, Ooooooohhh... On the TLC Tip. During the video shoot, Chilli begins to suspect that Dallas is cheating on her when she sees him talking to another girl. Later in a car, Lisa proposes that they do a video and an album with a futuristic theme, but Tionne says that they should wait until they get recognized. The girls are then ecstatic when they hear "What About Your Friends" on the radio for the first time.  The girls begin their first nationwide tour as an opening act for MC Hammer in 1992, and their first concert is met with rousing acclaim from the stadium audience. Midway through the successful tour, during which their album and singles also sell well, the girls learn that they will only get paid once the label is reimbursed for the costs spent on them, and ask Pebbles if they can review their initial contracts. A hurt Pebbles, who thinks that the girls do not trust her, storms out, so they decide to wait before pursuing the matter any further. Backstage following a concert, Chilli eyes Dallas talking to yet another girl, arousing her suspicions, and Tionne collapses on the floor and is taken to the hospital. A doctor informs Lisa, Chilli, and Pebbles that Tionne's collapse was due to a crisis from her sickle cell anemia, a fact previously unknown to them, and she needs two weeks to recover, resulting in several canceled shows. Tionne's mother complains to the doctor about not being given reassurance on the ongoing prognosis, but Tionne says that as long as she is living her childhood dream of performing in front of thousands of people, she will be okay.  After the girls return home from their tour, they receive their platinum records for 1 million copies sold of their album, and they receive their brand new cars but still wonder where the rest of the money is. They go to their attorney so that they can go over their contracts, only to find out that their attorney works for Pebbles. The attorney tells them that L.A. has all their money, and they are only to get a stipend while the rest goes into an account so that they do not spend it all. They talk to L.A. and tell him that they do not want Pebbles on their second album because they want more artistic freedom. L.A. tells them that since Pebbles owns the trademarks and copyrights of the name TLC, they will either have to buy her out or change their name. They decide to buy her out in order to achieve the creative freedom that they need.  In 1993, the girls begin working on their second album CrazySexyCool, believing that their new creative freedom will come with more rights to their money. When Chilli refuses to go on a night out with Tionne and Lisa to get some rest at home, the two go clubbing at a nearby nightclub. However, Lisa gets drunk and dances on top of the bar, and she hits the bar owner in the head with a champagne bottle when he tries to get her to stop, causing her to be banned from the club. Tionne takes her to a hotel, where she has a nervous breakdown about people taking things away from her. The same night, Chilli confronts Dallas for throwing a party at her house and not inviting her, but he calms her down by kissing her. The following day, Chilli admits to her mother that she is uncertain, saying she should not be with Dallas, but she cannot let him go. During the recording of "Diggin' on You", Tionne notices Dallas talking to another woman and scolds him for his behavior while he is still dating Chilli, who walks in, witnesses the confrontation, and sees the woman. During a night of clubbing with her friend, Lisa complains about a man watching her from afar. Her friend says that the man is Andre Rison, a wide receiver for the NFL's Atlanta Falcons. Andre walks up to Lisa, proclaiming that he is her biggest fan, and requests that she honor him with a dance, to which Lisa obliges. Later, as Lisa and her friend are leaving the club, Andre picks a reluctant Lisa up and carries her in his arms, and persuades her to come home with him. As they arrive at his house, Lisa asks him why there is no furniture inside; he says he was waiting for her, and they kiss passionately.  In 1994, Lisa moves in with Andre, and Chilli is horrified when another woman announces that she is pregnant with Dallas' child, so she pours her heartbreak into the recording of "Creep". Later that night, Lisa comes home and finds Andre cheating on her with another woman; she slams the woman against the wall, slaps him, and storms out. On June 8, 1994, Dallas arrives at Chilli's house to apologize to her, and they have sex. At the same time, Lisa and her friend notice newly bought tennis shoes on her and Andre's bed. Realizing that Andre did not buy her any, she throws them in a bathtub and sets fire to them to get back at Andre. However, the fire quickly spreads and his entire house is burnt down, which makes the news. Lisa flees, and Tionne and Chilli find her in a forest, coming to terms with all that she has been through. Eventually, Lisa turns herself in to the police and is charged for first-degree arson and sentenced to five years of probation and a $10,000 fine. She spends time in rehab, and is only released during her stay for two recording sessions with Tionne and Chilli, during which she contributes an introspective rap verse to what will become the group's biggest hit, "Waterfalls", after seeing a rainbow on the way to the studio. During the video shoot for "Creep", Lisa complains to Tionne that no-one ever wants to do her futuristic idea and threatens to wear tape on her mouth, and Lisa and Chilli complain that they spoke with L.A. who has denied having control of their money and is urging them to speak to Clive Davis about the money. Tionne then urges them not to fixate on it, as she believes that getting rid of Pebbles is supposed to fix their problems in the first place.  In 1995, after receiving awards and other acknowledgements, they still do not see any money come in. At the 1996 Grammy Awards, they announce that they are broke because of greedy people at their record company. The film flashes back to 1995, where they complain to each other about only receiving $50,000 a year, whereas most people make more money than they do. So the girls band a group together to go storm the record label's building to speak with Clive, who is in the middle of a meeting with Sean Combs. Clive tells the girls that they will get the attorneys and the accountants in a meeting and see what the record label owes them. They are all cut small checks of $15,000, and Lisa reveals in an on-air radio interview that due to an unfair contract, the group owes $200,000 that they lack in order to pay back managers, lawyers, and damages that Pebbles is suing them for. The group then file for bankruptcy and find a new manager, Bill Diggins, who gives them a worldwide headlining tour, the Budweiser Fest Tour, and an improved profit margin after they record their next album.  In late 1996, following the tour, Chilli announces to Tionne and Lisa that she is pregnant with Dallas' baby. By 1997, the girls are recording their third album, FanMail, dedicated to their fans whose letters they have received, and Chilli gives birth to her and Dallas' son, Tron. In 1998, during a sickle-cell scare in hospital after being comforted by her mother, Tionne writes a poem dealing with a woman's struggle with her self-image and unrealistic concepts of beauty portrayed in the media, which Dallas helps her adapt into "Unpretty", an empowering song for the group's female fan base to overcome feelings of physical inadequacy. During the recording of "Unpretty", Chilli breaks up with Dallas, saying that even though they have a son together, they are still very different people, and they are not right for each other.  In October 1999, the girls are about to go on tour to support FanMail. However, by this time, friction between the girls has increased because Lisa is complaining to her new boyfriend Larry about Tionne and Chilli rejecting her ideas and apparently plagiarizing them, and she has challenged Tionne and Chilli to make their own solo albums in a bid to see who is the most successful member of the group. Following a confrontation between Tionne and Bill and Lisa and Larry before a scheduled appearance on TRL, during which Tionne reveals that Larry is married, Bill urges Lisa to resolve her issues with Tionne and Chilli before going on tour, or they will all fall back into bankruptcy.  In February 2000, Bill offers the girls ten shows in Europe for their tour the following week with estimated earnings of $25,000,000, which Tionne and Chilli are ecstatic about, but Lisa declines, stating that she is going to Honduras that week for spiritual healing and she is beginning work on her debut solo album. Later, while Lisa is in Honduras, Tionne learns in a hospital that she is pregnant with her first child and chooses to keep the baby, despite the risks for her and the baby. Shortly after, Bill urges the girls to do another album and another tour, but Tionne, due to her pregnancy, and Lisa, awaiting the release of her album Supernova, are reluctant. Later, Lisa learns that her record company is not releasing Supernova in the U.S. due to poor sales and reception overseas, so she has a nervous breakdown at the 2000 Grammy Awards. After she admits to Tionne and Chilli that she feels that the numbers are not aligning properly, they comfort her and urge her to go back to Honduras for more spiritual healing and work on her second solo album in addition to working with them on their next album. Tionne then gives birth to her daughter, Chase.  By early 2002, the group is recording their fourth album, 3D, with Tionne and Chilli adjusting to life as mothers with growing children and Lisa contributing raps to some of the songs before heading to Honduras. Lisa promises to record more songs with them when she gets back from Honduras and vows that there will be no more friction between them. However, on April 25, 2002, a devastated Tionne and Chilli learn that Lisa has been killed on impact in a car accident in La Ceiba, Honduras, while filming her documentary. During a radio interview, Tionne and Chilli vow always to stay together despite Lisa's death, although they are uncertain about the group's fate.  The film ends ten years later, with Tionne and Chilli reuniting in the studio to begin recording their next album. The film then transitions into real-life studio footage of Tionne and Chilli recording "Meant to Be" in the studio with singer-songwriter Ne-Yo, as vigils in the career of TLC play during the song.
A woman attempting to become a priest solicits the help of a young attorney to sue the Archdiocese of New Orleans for sex discrimination.
In the near future, an ad executive uses a new reality technology to conduct an affair with his best friend's girlfriend.
A group of young adults – Oscar and Karen, Beth and her marine infantry boyfriend Randy, and the latter's sister Emily and her boyfriend Niles, who is an ex-Navy SEAL – are traveling through the backwoods town of Fort Collins, Louisiana, when they pull over at a rundown gas station. While there, Oscar discovers a shrine to local legend, Lockjaw. The townies give the boys directions to a house built by "Grimley" himself, a local tourist attraction that they are hesitant to explore, only Oscar and Beth seem interested and convince the others to go with them. En route, Oscar tells them all the legend of Lockjaw:  A long time ago, Grimley Boutine and his sister Caroline were the last two remaining members of their clan. Incest was a part of their family and heritage, so it was no surprise that she was carrying his child and the two were madly in love and due to be married, but the day before their wedding, an albino alligator dragged Caroline off into the swamp. Grimley sought out the gator in the hopes that he would find her alive, but instead he came across her being devoured in a corpse-filled, half-flooded mine tunnel. Going insane with rage, Grimley killed the gator with his bare hands, before eating its flesh, then consuming the flesh of his sister, along with every other piece of flesh in the cave, slowly devolving, becoming half-man, half-alligator himself.  The others disbelieve the story, and they finally arrive at Grimley's house, unaware that they are being stalked by something in the swamp. They set up camp for the night near the Grimley house for an evening of drinking and having fun. Meanwhile, one of the shop patrons, Grover, is slaughtered by an unseen beast on the riverbank after ignoring warnings to not defy Grimley. Randy leaves the group to get more beer from the truck, returning just in time to interrupt Karen from taking advantage of a drunken Beth. Emily and Niles, having gone off on their own, admit their love and devotion to one another before making love, unaware that Oscar is secretly taking photos. Karen finds him, and masturbates him to climax as he continues to take photographs of the couple. When Oscar refuses to return the favor, however, she walks off and is knocked unconscious by Chopper, the owner of the store they'd come across. It is revealed that Oscar and Karen are both his children, and subservient to Lockjaw himself, he takes Karen away. Randy witnesses this and sees Lockjaw before running off into the woods. Oscar collapses on Emily and Niles, claiming that Randy had attacked him; Niles leaves Emily to treat Oscar's shock as he goes off in search of Randy. Randy and Niles both encounter Lockjaw and run, coming across a highway that they had supposedly gotten far off track from earlier; they return to look for Emily, only to be stopped by one of the shop workers who holds them at gunpoint. Niles is able to kill him, but Lockjaw gruesomely murders Randy.  Afterward, Beth awakens from her drunken unconsciousness, her tent having been moved into a deep dark cave. As she emerges from it she discovers Lockjaw eating one of his victims and lets out a horrified scream, being presumably killed by him. Karen, having been set up as a sacrifice to Lockjaw, has her feet cut off by her father to lure Lockjaw from the underground, saying that it must be done for the family. After he leaves, Lockjaw emerges from the cavern below the shack and seems to recognize her by the necklace Chopper put around her neck, the same one that belonged to his sister. Niles finds Karen dead when he comes across the cabin, and is attacked by Oscar but quickly dispatches him with a machete. Afterwards, he sneaks into Lockjaw's cave to save Emily, when they emerge they manage a brief escape before she is taken by Chopper and his followers, with Lockjaw throwing Niles into the river to drown or become food to the gators. Chopper says to Emily that Lockjaw has chosen her to become his next bride. Niles, who is alive, follows the party to a gathering ritual that will allow Grimley to impregnate Emily. During the ceremony, Niles attacks, and after receiving a brutal beating from the overpowering Lockjaw, he manages to knock him into a sinkhole to drown. He unties Emily but, as Niles is reviving her, Lockjaw attacks again, pulling Emily into the hole, with Niles following. Later, at dawn, Emily and Niles (who is holding the jaw of Lockjaw) emerge from the sink hole alive. They manage to make their way back to their truck and ride off into the rising sun.  Some time later, Chopper arrives at the refurbished Grimley cabin, which is hopping with family and friends in a huge celebration. It is revealed that Beth had survived her ordeals with Lockjaw and now has a baby, who Chopper seems sure is going to "grow up to be as strong as his daddy". It is shown that the baby's face is somewhat mutated and the screen goes dark.
In 1998, Adonis "Donnie" Johnsonthe son of former heavyweight champion Apollo Creed via an extramarital affairis serving time in a Los Angeles youth detention center when Creed's widow, Mary Anne, visits and offers to take him in.  In 2015, Adonis is in Tijuana, preparing for his fight in an amateur boxing bout hosted in a bar. Upon returning from his latest fight, Adonis resigns from the Smith Boardley Financial Group to pursue his dream of becoming a professional boxer. Adonis auditions at Los Angeles' elite Delphi Boxing Academy, managed by family friend Tony "Little Duke" Evers Jr., the son of Apollo's trainer Tony "Duke" Evers, but is turned down. This rejection is further emphasized as Adonis is beaten in a sparring match by heavyweight champion and #2-pound-for-pound Danny "The Stuntman" Wheeler after he publicly challenges the whole gym to prove himself, betting his 1967 Ford Mustang that no one can get a clean head shot on him. Mary Anne vehemently opposes his aspirations, remembering how her husband was killed in the ring by Ivan Drago thirty years ago. Undaunted, Adonis travels to Philadelphia in hopes of getting in touch with his father's old rival-turned-friend, former heavyweight champion, Rocky Balboa.  Adonis meets Rocky at Rocky's Italian restaurant, Adrian's, named in honor of his deceased wife, and asks Rocky to become his trainer. Rocky is reluctant to return to boxing, having already made a one-off comeback at a very advanced age despite having suffered brain trauma during his career as a fighter, but eventually agrees. Adonis asks him about the "secret third fight" between him and Apollo just after Apollo helped Rocky regain the heavyweight title, and Rocky reveals that Apollo won. Adonis trains at the Front Street Gym, with several of Rocky's longtime friends as cornermen. He also finds a love interest in Bianca, an up-and-coming singer and songwriter in the early stages of progressive hearing loss.  Adonis, fighting under his biological mother's surname, Johnson, and the fight name "Hollywood", defeats local fighter Leo "The Lion" Sporino, which upsets the opposing corner. This leads to the opposing side leaking the news that Adonis is Creed's illegitimate son. Rocky receives a call from the handlers of World Light Heavyweight Champion "Pretty" Ricky Conlan, who is being forced into retirement by an impending prison term. He offers to make Adonis his final challenger—provided that he fights using his father's surname, Creed. Adonis is hesitant at first, wanting to forge his own legacy. However, he eventually agrees with a little convincing from Bianca.  While helping Adonis train, Rocky stumbles, falls and is rushed to the hospital. Through further testing, he is diagnosed with non-Hodgkin's lymphoma. He is unwilling to undergo chemotherapy, citing its inability to save Adrian when she had ovarian cancer. His diagnosis and the fact that his best friend and brother-in-law Paulie PenninoAdrian's brotherhas now died along with Apollo, and his old trainer, Mickey Goldmill, consign him to accept his eventual death, without treatment. Adonis later finds out and urges him to seek treatment, and eventually refuses to train for his fight with Conlan if Rocky doesn't accept treatment, which Rocky finally agrees to.  Adonis fights Conlan at Goodison Park in Conlan's hometown of Liverpool, and many parallels emerge between the ensuing bout and Apollo and Rocky's first fight forty years earlier. First, before entering the ring, Adonis receives a present from Mary Annenew American flag trunks similar to the ones Apollo and later Rocky wore. Additionally, to the surprise of nearly everyone, Adonis gives Conlan all he can handle. Conlan knocks Adonis down, but Adonis recovers to knock Conlan down for the first time in his career. Adonis goes the distance, but Conlan wins on a split decision, and Adonis has won the respect of Conlan and the crowd. As Max Kellerman puts it while calling the fight for HBO, "Ricky Conlan won the fight, Adonis Creed won the night." Conlan tells Adonis that he is the future of the light heavyweight division.  The film ends with Adonis and a frail but improving Rocky climbing the 72 steps outside the entrance of the Philadelphia Museum of Art.
In 2018, three years after his loss to "Pretty" Ricky Conlan, Adonis "Donnie" Creed, alongside his trainer Rocky Balboa, has won six straight bouts, culminating in a victory over Danny "Stuntman" Wheeler to win the WBC World Heavyweight Championship, and reclaimed his 1967 Ford Mustang which he had lost to Wheeler in a bet. Now a worldwide star, Adonis proposes marriage to his girlfriend, Bianca Taylor, who agrees. Bianca suggests starting a new life together in Los Angeles, but Adonis is reluctant to leave Philadelphia, and thus Rocky.  In Ukraine, Ivan Drago, the former Soviet boxer who killed Adonis' father Apollo Creed during a bout in 1985, has been living destitute since losing to Rocky that year, and seeks to regain glory. Assisted by promoter Buddy Marcelle, Ivan pits his son, Viktor, against Adonis. When Rocky, out of fear for Adonis possibly suffering the same fate as his late father Apollo, refuses to support Adonis' acceptance of Viktor's challenge, Adonis leaves for Los Angeles.  Adonis and Bianca settle in a luxurious apartment in Los Angeles close to Adonis' adoptive mother and Apollo's widow, Mary Anne. As they adjust to their new life and prepare for the upcoming match, Bianca learns that she is pregnant. Adonis recruits Tony "Little Duke" Evers, son of his father's trainer Tony "Duke" Evers and later Rocky's trainer, to start training him. However, Adonis becomes overwhelmed by his life's recent developments, rushes into the match unprepared, and is badly injured. Viktor is disqualified for hitting Adonis while he is down, allowing Adonis to retain the World Heavyweight Championship. Nevertheless, Viktor becomes extremely popular in Russia and wins a series of fights with top billing.  His body and ego shattered, Adonis becomes increasingly disconnected from Bianca. Mary Anne reaches out to Rocky, who reconciles with Adonis and agrees to train him for a rematch against Viktor, who is suffering torturous physical tests at Ivan's hands. Bianca gives birth to a daughter, Amara, and Rocky is named her godfather; Amara is born deaf, inheriting her lack of hearing from her mother's progressive hearing disorder.  While Viktor taunts Adonis publicly, he faces constant pressure from his father behind the scenes, who enjoys the attention of the media and various Russian delegates. At a state dinner, he and Ivan encounter Ludmilla, his mother and Ivan's ex-wife, for the first time in several years after she abandoned them following Ivan's loss to Rocky. Enraged at the sight of her, Viktor storms out of the dinner and chastises Ivan for seeking approval from those who cast them out. Meanwhile, Rocky and Little Duke retrain Adonis in a decrepit location in the California desert, focusing on fighting from within and training Adonis' body to absorb the heavy impact he will receive from Viktor in the ring.  In Moscow, the rematch is more balanced as a more controlled and focused Adonis exchanges equal blows with Viktor. Viktor is used to winning by knockout as his bouts have never lasted past four rounds; Adonis uses this to his advantage and willingly endures a heavy beating from Viktor, even after his ribs are broken. In the tenth round, Adonis unleashes sequences of effective blows and knocks Viktor down twice. Ludmilla departs after the second knockdown, upsetting Viktor, and Ivan sees the truth of his son's earlier words. An exhausted Viktor is cornered and receives multiple strikes without defending himself, but is unwilling to go down. Finally realizing that his son's safety means more to him than revenge or acceptance from Russia's elite, Ivan throws in the towel, forfeiting the fight to protect his son. He assures the distraught Viktor it is okay that he lost, and embraces him. As Bianca enters the ring to celebrate with Adonis, Little Duke, and Creed's other trainers, Rocky excuses himself and takes a seat to watch them from outside the ring.  Following the match, Viktor and Ivan later train together back in Ukraine. Rocky travels to Vancouver to make peace with his own estranged son, Robert Jr., and meets his grandson Logan for the first time. Adonis and Bianca visit Apollo's grave, where Adonis makes peace with his deceased father and the burden of carrying on his legacy, as he and Bianca introduce Amara, who now has a new set of hearing aids.
Creed of Gold begins with a flashback during the Bolshevik revolution in Russia. A reporter hides a list with names of powerful bankers who financed the revolution. The list is discovered seventy years later by a Russian history professor. The professor's son Adam eventually inherits the list and begins to research the names on it. Adam Smith is an incoming freshman at a fictional American school called Havenhurst University. In his Money & Banking class he is assigned to work on a term paper with Kirsten Stanford. Kirsten is a wealthy girl from upstate New York and her father is on the board of governors of the Federal Reserve. The two do not see eye to eye but eventually work things out and begin researching together. Their work is being thwarted by a greedy Federal Reserve board member named Stuart Wornwall. Wornwall is secretly stealing money from the Federal Reserve Bank of New York by programing the computer system to misappropriate funds every time the Federal Reserve buys and sells bonds from the US Government. Adam and Kirsten uncover Wornwall's family history through the list. This discovery links Wornwall's family fortune back to the offenses committed during the Bolshevik revolution.  The film was released August 12, 2014.
Struggling videographer Aaron accepts an assignment to travel to a remote cabin in Crestline, where he meets his client Josef. Josef explains that he has an inoperable brain tumor and is expected to die before his pregnant wife Angela gives birth, so he wishes to have Aaron record a video diary for his unborn child, just like the protagonist of the film My Life. Throughout the day, Josef demonstrates eccentric behavior that makes Aaron uneasy, which culminates in Josef confessing that he raped his wife. As an increasingly-disturbed Aaron is hindered from departing by being unable to locate his car keys, he intercepts a phone call from Angela, who reveals she is actually Josef's sister and urges Aaron to escape. Josef, however, attempts to stop Aaron from leaving, leading to a scuffle that ends with Aaron getting away.  Back at his home, Aaron starts receiving items in the mail from Josef, including a recording of Josef digging a grave. The police are unable to take action due to Aaron's knowing little about Josef, who Aaron realizes is stalking him. A final DVD is sent to Aaron, in which Josef offers to meet him in broad daylight in Lake Gregory to make amends. Aaron accepts Josef's offer, but places a camera on himself and sets his phone to  dial the police as a precaution. While Aaron waits on a park bench for Josef to arrive, Josef kills him from behind with an axe. Reviewing the footage, Josef questions why Aaron did not turn around in the moments leading up to his death. He concludes that Aaron believed he was a good person who would not harm him and because of this, he declares Aaron to be his favorite victim.  Josef, now calling himself Bill, later receives a phone call from his newest target as he places a DVD of Aaron's murder alongside recordings of his past victims.
A prolific serial killer, using the name "Aaron" after a previous victim, finds himself dissatisfied with his killings and undergoing a midlife crisis. When his latest ad for a videographer lures YouTuber Sara to his remote cabin, Aaron changes his approach by admitting he is a serial killer who will let Sara live for the next 24 hours if she records a documentary on his life. Sara, doubting his revelation, agrees to film Aaron in the hope that the video will popularize her unsuccessful web series about eccentric Craigslist clients.  Over the course of the day, Aaron struggles to intimidate Sara, who plays along with his various eccentricities. While Sara continues to doubt that Aaron is a serial killer, Aaron informs her that he intends to conclude the documentary by having her kill him. He eventually manages to horrify Sara by staging a suicide attempt, which almost causes her to leave. However, after Aaron reveals that his life was not in danger, she remains to hear Aaron share intimate details about himself, culminating in the two sharing a kiss.  Aaron brings Sara outside to announce that the documentary will end with them committing suicide together. Sara attempts to escape when she sees Aaron stab himself in the stomach, but Aaron stabs her and drags her into an open grave he dug. As Aaron gives a closing monologue, a still-alive Sara emerges from the grave and strikes him in the back of the head with a shovel before fleeing.  Afterwards, Sara is recorded in public by an unidentified individual whistling a tune heard in Aaron's videos. When Sara notices the individual filming her, the camera abruptly cuts away.
Spanish industrialist-turned-anarchist Xavier Heimdahl arranges for his associate Jan Strook—a hacker known as "the Dutchman"—to create a wormhole program that would allow the owner to bypass all computer codes protecting the world's nuclear defense codes. The Dutchman panics and attempts to hand his secret over to CIA agent Bill Pope. Although Pope gets the Dutchman to a safe house and recovers the money to pay him for his services, he is caught by Heimdahl's men and tortured to death before he can tell anyone where he hid the Dutchman.  Desperate to find the Dutchman, Pope's supervisor Quaker Wells contacts Dr. Micah Franks, who has developed a treatment that could theoretically plant the memory patterns of a dead person onto a living one. Franks requests that they "graft" Pope's knowledge into the brain of convict Jerico Stewart, who received damage in his frontal lobe by being abused as a child and is effectively a sociopath.  After the operation, Jerico escapes custody and fakes his death. He steals a maintenance van and goes to Pope's house, where he holds Pope's widow Jillian hostage while he looks for the money. As time goes on, he experiences memory flashes of Pope's past, but all he can determine is that the bag of money was hidden behind a bookshelf, without identifying where it or the Dutchman is kept.  The CIA learns that the Dutchman is planning to sell the program to the Russians, believing that the CIA has betrayed him. Fortunately, they are able to find Jerico after he contacts Dr. Franks for medication using Pope's CIA codes. Jerico is beginning to develop emotions and draw on Pope's experience. As Jerico attempts to retrace the route Pope took to hide the Dutchman, Heimdahl creates a distraction at the airport that draws Wells' attention, allowing Heimdahl's accomplice and lover Elsa to try and capture Jerico, killing his CIA guards before Jerico escapes by driving a taxi off a bridge.  Jerico retreats to the Pope house, where he encounters Jillian and explains the situation to her. Although she initially fears him, Jillian comes to accept Jerico as she sees him bonding with her daughter, Emma, allowing Jerico to stay the night. The next morning, Jerico realizes through a conversation with Jillian that the bag is hidden in the rare books collection at the University of London where she works. He attempts to retrieve the bag, but he is captured by Heimdahl and Elsa once he has found it. Heimdahl threatens to kill Jillian and Emma unless Jerico takes him to the Dutchman.  With the CIA and a Russian strike team now seeking the Dutchman, Jerico—who has recalled that Pope hid the Dutchman in Jillian's office at the university—is able to escape Elsa using an improvised nitro-glycerine bomb, returning to the office to provide a hurried explanation to the Dutchman. Elsa finds them before they can escape, shooting Jerico in the shoulder and killing the Dutchman, but Jerico gets the upper hand and bludgeons her to death with a lamp.  Jerico steals an ambulance and takes the flash drive containing the wormhole program to the airfield where Heimdahl is attempting an escape. Jerico saves Jillian and Emma, even as Heimdahl shoots him. As Heimdahl's plane takes off, Jerico reveals to Wells that he had the Dutchman reprogram the wormhole so that it would target the source of the next transmission. This results in Heimdahl unwittingly destroying his own plane when he tries to fire a missile at the airfield.  A few months later, Jerico is shown on the beach where Pope and Jillian had their honeymoon. He is initially unresponsive to anything but automatic reflexes and responses. With all other options exhausted, Wells and Franks take Jillian and Emma to see him. The sight of Pope's family confirms that some part of Pope exists in Jerico as he responds with a nose-tap. This was Pope and Jillian's way of saying "I love you". Witnessing this, Quaker reflects that he will offer Jerico a job.
Four people invest borrowed money in a company guaranteed to return their venture capital tenfold or more. It does not bother them that the privileged information on which they are acting is derived from insider trading. Two things go wrong. The company suddenly folds under the pressure of federal scrutiny and their financial benefactor turns out to be a mid level, yet friendly mobster.  The mobster, named Eddie (John Travolta), offers them a way out of their awkward situation. They are to kidnap a man and hold a man for 24 hours before turning the man over to Eddie and his offsiders. This action will clear their massive debt with him, and everyone will cheerfully go their separate ways. But a couple more annoying things crop up. One of them is that the kidnap victim is related to a mob boss who offers a two million dollar reward to the first one to recover his nephew. Another one is that the four kidnappers are now required to each murder the victim before being allowed to leave the building.  Adding to these problems is the fact that things are not at all what they seem. Perceived motivations may turn out to be slightly different from actual motivations. What at first seemed mundane is mostly mundane.
In 1887 Buffalo, New York, American heiress Edith Cushing, daughter of wealthy businessman Carter Cushing, is visited by her mother's ghost who warns, "Beware of Crimson Peak."  In 1901, Edith is now a budding author, and meets English baronet Sir Thomas Sharpe and his sister, Lucille. Thomas seeks investors for his invention, a digging machine to revive his family's clay mines, but Mr. Cushing rejects his proposal. Thomas and Edith become romantically attached, leading her father to hire a private detective who uncovers unsavory facts about the Sharpe siblings. Mr. Cushing bribes them to leave America, forcing Thomas to "break Edith's heart" by disparaging her and her novel.  Thomas returns Edith's manuscript with a letter explaining his actions, and they reconcile. Mr. Cushing is brutally murdered, raising the suspicions of Edith's childhood friend, Dr. Alan McMichael. Thomas marries Edith — giving her a ring taken from Lucille — and they arrive at Allerdale Hall, the Sharpes' dilapidated Cumberland mansion, which is sinking into the red clay mine below. Lucille plies Edith with tea made from "firethorn berries", and Thomas persuades her to put her father's fortune toward his machine. He mentions that the estate is referred to as "Crimson Peak" due to the warm red clay seeping through the winter snow.  Edith begins to notice Thomas' absence from their shared bedroom during the night. She eventually grows weak and begins coughing up blood, plagued by nightmares and visited by gruesome red ghosts around Allerdale. One of the spirits tricks her into opening a closet, where she discovers wax phonograph cylinders, before chasing her into the cellars, where she finds a locked trunk engraved with the name "Enola". Thomas takes Edith on a trip to the local post office, where she receives a letter addressed to E. Sharpe. Snowed in for the night, they finally make love, which Lucille is infuriated to learn.  Edith steals a key from Lucille bearing the inscription "Enola" and unlocks the trunk to find a gramophone and secret documents. Using the gramophone to listen to the audio recordings on the wax cylinders, and while reading the paper documents, Edith learns that Thomas previously married three other wealthy women — including Enola Sciotti, the letter’s intended recipient — and that Lucille has been poisoning Edith with tea as part of the siblings' "marriage and murder" scheme to finance Thomas' inventions. Edith confronts her husband and sister-in-law, catching them in an incestuous embrace, and Lucille pushes her from a balcony.  Alan has learned what Mr. Cushing uncovered about the Sharpes: Thomas's multiple marriages and Lucille's time in a mental institution. He travels to Allerdale Hall to rescue Edith, arriving just after she has been pushed. Tending to her injuries, Alan prepares to leave with Edith, but Lucille stabs him and demands that Thomas finish the job. Thomas, instead, inflicts a nonfatal stab wound to Alan before hiding him in the cellar.  Lucille forces Edith to sign a transfer deed granting the Sharpes ownership of her estate, and confesses to having murdered Thomas’ previous wives and having borne a child with Thomas that soon died — these are the ghosts who have appeared to Edith. Lucille admits to murdering Edith's father, as well as her own mother when she discovered Lucille and Thomas' sexual relationship. Edith stabs Lucille with her pen and flees, but is confronted by Thomas, who has truly fallen in love with her. He burns the deed and begs his sister to join him and Edith in a new life together, but an enraged Lucille stabs him to death. She pursues Edith with the cleaver she used to kill her mother, but is halted by Thomas' ghost, allowing Edith to kill her with a shovel. Edith silently bids Thomas farewell before he vanishes.  Edith and Alan are rescued by the villagers, and Lucille becomes the ghost of Allerdale Hall, playing her piano for eternity.  The end credits imply that Edith has written a novel based on her experiences, titled Crimson Peak.
While babysitting two teenagers, college student Drea discovers that the alien Crites have landed in the nearby forest. They soon receive help from the mysterious Aunt Dee, who might have a history with the hungry intergalactic beasts. And more the teenagers meet a white alien Crite named Bianca.
A mixed-blood Native American, Joe Logan aka "Logan the Legend" is eager to modernize his reservation's casino by expanding on the land of his ancestors, but first he must prove himself to his father, the traditionalist Tribal Chairman. The Chairman will only grant Joe's request on the condition that he meets his challenge - coaching the reservation's struggling high school lacrosse team, which competes against the better equipped and better trained players of the Prep School league. Joe reluctantly accepts, only to realize the challenge will require a leadership he had forfeited years ago as a star lacrosse player. Lost on how to reach his players, Joe finds that the answer lies deep in the traditional cultural heritage of the sport. Gaining the respect of his team, Joe helps them restore pride and return the game of lacrosse to their people.
Given incredible power by an ancient Celtic Cross, Callan  along with the help of  weapon experts Riot, Backfire, War, Lucia and Shark battle an unstoppable evil empire led by Erlik in the city of Los Angeles. When an ancient Viking called Gunnar, comes to town in search of blood, Callan must stop him before he destroys the world. Erlik and his men Saw, London gangster English and Slag aided by the evil Doctor aim to defeat Callan by helping Gunnar. Detective Nitti plans to find Callan and his team before they do his job for him.
A fanatically religious homeless man ("Cross Bearer") rants about sinners, and after donning a makeshift mask made of cloths, uses a hammer to kill a drug addict. Elsewhere, Heather, a lesbian stripper, is shown living with her girlfriend Victoria, a controlling and drug-addicted single mother, who she is cheating on with a co-worker named Bunny. Dreaming of running away to Greece together, Heather and Bunny agree to do a drug run for their abusive boss, intent on stealing the money they get for the delivery.  Anton, the pimp who ordered the cocaine, lives on the top floor of an abandoned nightclub, which he brings two prostitutes to. Cross Bearer follows the three up to Anton's room, murders them with his hammer, and takes Anton's gun. Heather, Bunny, Victoria, another stripper named Cindy, and Cindy's boyfriend Mark, an amateur filmmaker and pornographer, arrive and are let in by Cross Bearer. The quintet finds Anton's remains, and are confronted by Cross Bearer, who shoots and beats Mark, and suffocates Cindy to death with a bag of cocaine.  Victoria goes to look for a way out on her own, and is chased to a dead end, where Cross Bearer bludgeons her, and rips her tongue out. Heather and Bunny become separated, and the latter is murdered. Cross Bearer goes after Heather but is distracted by Mark, who shoots him with Anton's gun. After dealing with Mark, Cross Bearer pursues Heather, and the two fight, with Heather emerging victorious, pulling off Cross Bearer's mask, and pummeling him with a baseball bat. While looking for an exit, Heather finds the dying Mark, who gives her Anton's hidden stash of money.  In the morning, Heather goes to her workplace, gives a nihilistic speech, and shoots both her boss and a man who had heckled her the previous day. Heather then goes to a train station with Victoria's baby, while back at the derelict nightclub, Cross Bearer recovers, and stumbles away while muttering, "Oh, loving Lord, guide my hand, so I may purify this Earthly paradise for your great return".
After eighteen years of solitude, renowned warrior-maiden Shu Lien emerges from retirement and travels to Peking, where the Green Destiny—the legendary sword of her deceased love Li Mu Bai—is located. In the forest, Shu Lien's carriage is attacked by several warriors from the West Lotus clan. As she fights them, a masked horseman comes to her aid, and together they defeat the attackers, revealing one of them to be a young man called Wei Fang.  At the tower of the West Lotus warlord Hades Dai, a young woman named Snow Vase arrives asking to join his ranks. As Dai approaches, she draws a sword and attempts to kill him, although he easily fights her off, and she flees. As Wei Fang makes his way through the forest, he is approached by a blind enchantress, who orders him to take her to Dai. She tells Dai that his great sword is surpassed by the Green Destiny, and prophesizes that if he is to rule the Martial World, he must obtain the sword. Dai is reluctant to storm the home of the emperor's brother, but the enchantress tells him to send Wei Fang, as the boy and the sword are bound by destiny itself.  Shu Lien arrives in Peking, and is taken to the house of Sir Te, who has recently died. Te's son greets her and reveals that the Green Destiny is kept on display at the house. That night, Wei Fang breaks into the house and attempts to steal the sword; Snow Vase appears and fights him. During the fight, Snow Vase sees a birthmark on Wei Fang's chest, which distracts her and allows him to escape. She calls for help and Shu Lien arrives and captures the boy. Snow Vase asks Shu Lien to train her in the Iron Way.  At a tavern, Meng Sizhao (known as Silent Wolf in the West), the horseman who came to Shu Lien's aid, posts a warrant for warriors to join him protecting the House of Te. One warrior offers his thirty swordsmen for a high price, and attacks when rebuffed. Four warriors join Silent Wolf in the fight, and he recruits them to his cause: Flying Blade of Shantung; Thunder Fist Chan, famed in Zhejiang; Silver Dart Shi, famed in Fuzhou; and Turtle Ma, famed in that tavern.  Shu Lien begins Snow Vase's training. That night, Silent Wolf and his warriors arrive at the Te compound. Shu Lien is shocked to see Silent Wolf, her former betrothed, as he was thought to have been killed by Hades Dai many years before. He explains that he was in love with Shu Lien, but knew that Mu Bai was her true love, and had feigned his demise to seek a life of enlightenment in the mountains, as he knew that as long as he was alive, Li Mu Bai would not have asked Shu Lien for her hand.  Hades Dai rages that Wei Fang has failed in his raid, and sends his elite warrior, Mantis, to retrieve the sword. She arrives with her raiding party, and Silver Dart Shi and Turtle Ma are killed in the attack. Snow Vase attempts to free Wei Fang from his cage in the courtyard, but she is attacked by Mantis, and Wei Fang reveals the sword's location. The blind enchantress fights Shu Lien in the sword chamber, killing Sir Te's son when Shu Lien refuses to relinquish the sword.  As the inhabitants of the House of Te mourn the loss of their dearest companions, Snow Vase explains her connection to Wei Fang's past. His birth mother was the legendary swordswoman Han Mei. However, as a baby, he was swapped for the infant Snow Vase by her mother, a concubine. Han Mei raised Snow Vase as her own daughter, but never stopped looking for her son. Eventually finding him at West Lotus, she was mortally wounded by Hades Dai and, as she died, implored Snow Vase to find Wei Fang.  Knowing that Dai will send people to kill Wei Fang, Snow Vase frees him, and is horrified to later hear that he has stolen the sword. Silent Wolf tracks the boy down and they fight on a frozen lake. Wei Fang's master, Iron Crow, arrives and wounds Silent Wolf, allowing Wei Fang to escape and reach West Lotus. Wei Fang offers the sword to Hades Dai, but then attempts to kill him with it to avenge his mother. Shu Lien and the others arrive and fight Dai's army. Shu Lien fights the enchantress and kills her, using her skills to see through the witch's illusions. Mantis kills Flying Blade and Thunder Fist, then fights Snow Vase, who defeats her but is badly wounded. Silent Wolf fights Hades Dai on the tower, eventually killing the warlord with his own sword as he reaches for the Green Destiny.  Snow Vase survives her injuries, and joins Shu Lien, Silent Wolf and Wei Fang as they take the Green Destiny to the Wudang Mountains where it will be kept safe yet again.
Nick Holland is a newly minted officer with the Los Angeles Police Department. In his first night shift, he is assigned to patrol the city with experienced policeman Ray Mandel. Ray and Nick are completely different personalities; while Nick is a down-to-earth, self-proclaimed world improver, Ray is a divorced pessimist with a penchant for breaking the rules and resorting to violence. In their shift, they are responsible for all kinds of incidents, from robberies to domestic unrest to car fires. They also rescue a suspect who is nearly killed by a reckless plainclothes officer. Ray has the drug-addicted widow of his former partner picked up so he can talk to her and try to help her, and he has her abusive boyfriend taken in by another officer. Later, he goes off-duty and goes outside his territory to rescue his former partner's daughter who was abandoned by her mother who could not handle her. Ray admits to being the girl's biological father. The cops also find the abandoned car which was driven by masked robbers who killed several people and were shown in the opening scene and several more times. In a traffic stop, Nick is taken hostage and almost killed.
Alison "Allie" Evans (Danica McKellar) is an American hotel maid who was fired for not getting an important guest's room ready in time. Overhearing this, a hotel patron's servant, Fergus (Pavel Douglas), hires her to be a governess for his employer's daughter in the country of Winshire. When Allie accepts and arrives in the country, she finds that Fergus' employer is widower King Maximillian (Rupert Penry-Jones) and that his daughter is Princess Theodora (Ellie Botterill) who has become mischievous since her mother's death. But, she meets her match in Allie, as Allie single-handedly raised her younger brother and sister following their parents' deaths.  When not busy looking after the princess, Allie befriends the other staff members. All while King Maximillian is being pressured by Chancellor Riggs (Colin McFarlane) to become engaged to Lady Celia (Alexandra Evans). Theodora has some objections to this as she thinks Allie would be a better match. When the party arrives, Allie is invited, much to the jealousy and irritation of Lady Celia and to hers and Max’s dismay, the wedding ring has gone missing.
Set during the summer of 1987, Cruise focuses on Gio Fortunato, a blue-collar Italian-American who is preoccupied with car racing and chasing women. Life starts to change for Fortunato when he meets Jessica Weinberg, a "nice Jewish girl" from Long Island who ventures into Gio's neighborhood looking for some action.
High school student Scott gains popularity among his classmates for his prowess on the soccer field, which he seeks to turn into an athletic scholarship. Although he possesses artistic talent, Scott continues to focus on soccer, even after a leg injury threatens to jeopardize his playing days. His best friend Jules harbors romantic feelings for him, but Scott resists her advances to prevent ruining their friendship. Also romantically interested in Scott is Bess, a shy student who recognizes his artistic abilities. Bess herself becomes a love interest of her classmate Jeffrey, although she does not return his feelings as she develops an unhealthy obsession with Scott.  An unknown stalker emerges in Scott's life, who begins demonstrating disturbing behavior. The stalker's actions turn violent when Mrs. Brown, a teacher who flirted with Scott, is attacked and seriously injured, while Jules is nearly killed by the stalker during a party. Scott suspects Bess is responsible, aware of her feelings for him, but recognizes that he cannot prove that she is his stalker. Later, while driving, Scott accidentally hits Bess' co-worker Andie and offers to take her home upon noticing that she sustained a leg injury. However, Andie knocks Scott out when he enters her house, revealing herself as the stalker, before trapping him in her basement.  Scott attempts to escape after he awakens, but Andie agitates his leg injury. After Andie kills her boss David when he arrives at the house, Scott makes another escape attempt and manages to crawl out of the basement, despite sustaining further leg injuries. Bess visits the house soon afterwards, where she discovers Scott and David's body, prompting Andie to attack her. Although Andie gets the upper hand, Jeffrey shows up to help overpower her and Scott kicks Andie into the basement, knocking her out.  Unable to play soccer because of his injuries, Scott begins to work on applying for art school while he enters into a relationship with Jules. Bess and Jeffrey also begin their own relationship. Andie is visited by her attorney Mr. Graham, to whom she admits her killings began at an early age and warns that she will not remain in custody for long.
Martin "Marty" Duran is an anti money laundering (AML) analyst at Omnicorp Bank headquarters in Manhattan. He produces a report showing that a potential client, a $7 billion corporation, has violated AML rules, killing the deal. The CEO wants him fired, but the head of AML, Robin, believes in him and saves himthough he is demoted to a branch in his tiny hometown of Elba, in upstate New York.  He reunites with a childhood friend, Earl, who owns a failing liquor store, but is a computer genius who stays above water by mining cryptocurrency. He has a much less successful reunion with his brother, Caleb, and father, Martin Sr., who work a failing potato farm that is going to be repossessed by Martin’s bank.  Marty meets Katie, who works at an art gallery, her boss Penelope, and their accountant, Ted.  Marty's AML review of the bank’s records lead him to investigate the gallery. Earl helps him by hacking various computer banks. Together, they uncover a multi-million dollar money laundering scheme, helping a deadly Russian mafia group.  Earl, Penelope and Marty’s predecessor at the branch are killed by Viktor and Nikos, Ted's thugs. Earl had couriered Marty a memory stick with evidence that Robin is facilitating the entire money laundering scheme at Omnicorp. Ted and his thugs hold Martin Sr. hostage to get the evidence, but Marty and Caleb spring a trap on them, supported by Katie and her FBI colleagues, as Marty deduced who she was.  Robin is arrested and Marty starts cryptocurrency mining at the farm, saving their finances, while starting to date Katie.
Ronnie, a loner who lives with his possessive mother, is deemed unfit for military service due to his history of mental instability and petty crime. Retreating into the world of extremist internet groups, he creates a vlog channel, from which he decries what he describes as the downfall of "real America". Meanwhile, prompted by sexual frustration, he agrees to play the role of cuckold in a couple's homemade amateur pornography. He buys an unregistered handgun and begins to spend time at firing ranges. He meets his online idol, a charismatic leader of the alt-right. However, when his identity as a "cuck" emerges, his macho persona is destroyed. Facing online shaming, Ronnie takes solace in his gun, which he regards as the only symbol of masculinity he has left.
Andy Barclay has been torturing the disembodied head of the original Chucky for four years. Meanwhile, wheelchair-using Nica Pierce has been in a mental institution after being framed by Chucky for the murders of her family. Nica now believes she was responsible for the murders and that Chucky was a manifestation of her psychosis. Dr. Foley, Nica's doctor, has her transferred to a medium-security psychiatric hospital.  In group therapy, Nica meets Malcolm, a man with dissociative identity disorder; Angela, a woman who believes she is dead; Claire, a woman who burned her house down; and Madeleine, a patient who smothered her infant son. Foley introduces a therapy technique involving a Good Guy doll. Most of the patients are unsettled except for Madeleine, who treats it as her baby. Nica is visited by Tiffany Valentine, the legal guardian of her niece Alice, and is devastated to learn that Alice has died. Tiffany leaves Nica a Good Guy doll, which she claims was a gift from Alice. That night, Chucky awakens and discovers Nica has slit her wrists. The next morning, Nica finds that her wrists have been stitched up and that Angela has been killed. After realizing "Valentine" was the last name of Chucky's girlfriend, Nica deduces that Chucky is real. Fearing Madeleine is in danger, Nica has Malcolm warn her. Madeleine throws both the doll and Malcolm into an empty grave, but they are rescued by orderlies. Malcolm begins to refer to himself as "Charles" and act in a manner similar to Chucky, making Nica suspect he has been possessed. Chucky then kills Claire by decapitating her.  Andy learns about the murders and realizes Chucky has somehow managed to transfer his soul into multiple bodies at once. In a private session with Foley, Nica agrees to be hypnotized in order to access any repressed memories about the murders. Foley, who has been sexually abusing Nica, is hit from behind by Chucky. Foley believes Nica is the one who assaulted him but is willing to keep quiet in order to blackmail her for more sexual favors. Madeleine smothers her Good Guy doll with a pillow, forcing her to confront the repercussions of her real child's death. Orderlies bury the doll in order to placate Madeleine. Andy commits himself into the institution by assaulting a security guard. Carlos, a nurse, delivers a package to Foley—another Good Guy doll with short, shaved hair. Madeleine is visited by her own doll and allows it to kill her.  Foley attempts to assault Nica again but is knocked out by one of the Chucky dolls. Two dolls are now alive due to Madeline's doll splitting its soul inside of Foley's doll. One of the dolls awakens the short-haired doll. The Chuckys reveal that the original Chucky found a voodoo spell on the internet which allowed him to separate his soul into multiple host bodies, creating a "cult." Alice was one host, but she was killed. The dolls then kill Carlos. Tiffany returns and kills a security guard outside. Foley's Chucky doll splits his soul into Nica, giving her body the ability to walk again. She stomps on Foley's head, using high-heeled shoes that Foley had given Nica earlier, killing him. She stumbles upon Malcolm, who has killed fellow Nurse Ashley, before confessing that he knows he is not really Chucky; he merely created "Charles" as an alternative personality. He is suddenly ambushed and killed by Madeleine's Chucky. The short-haired Chucky attacks Andy, but Andy restrains him and reaches into the doll's chest, pulling out a hidden gun and revealing that he sent him to the institution. He shoots the doll and stomps its head, killing him. Nica appears and taunts him. Andy tries to shoot at her, only to discover that he has no ammunition left. Nica locks Andy inside his cell.  Madeleine's Chucky feigns lifelessness and Nica, possessed by Foley's Chucky, escapes. She reunites with Tiffany outside before driving off together with a Tiffany doll, also alive and sharing a portion of Tiffany's soul. In a post-credits scene, Andy's former foster sister, Kyle, enters Andy's house, having been sent to continue torturing the original Chucky's severed head.
Richie is in the process of ending his life in a bathtub when he gets a call from his estranged sister, Maggie, asking him to look after his niece, Sophia, for the night. Richie cancels his plans and sets out to babysit his niece.  When he meets Sophia, she makes it clear that she has no interest in talking to him, nor does she seem to care much about him. Richie mentions that he drew flipbooks when he was younger, starring a protagonist named "Sophia", and that he wonders if his sister got Sophia’s name from those flipbooks. He then takes Sophia to an old rundown building where he used to live, and finds the flipbooks he wants to show her, but Sophia gets scared and wants to go home.  After Richie apologizes, they return to the bowling alley and Sophia starts asking all about his life. They start to become friends, and Richie admits that the reason he hasn't been allowed to see her all these years is because he once dropped Sophia on her head while taking care of her as a baby. Sophia finds this incident amusing, just as her favorite song comes on over the loudspeakers. Suddenly, everyone in the bowling alley seems to be dancing along with the song, except for Richie. Sophia begs him to dance with her, tugging at his arm until his wrist comes out of its sleeve, revealing his suicide attempt. Richie snaps back to reality.  When Richie brings Sophia back home, he notices a restraining order sitting on the kitchen table, citing assault and harassment. His sister comes back looking bruised and she thanks Richie for his help, but she wants him to leave. She doesn’t want her daughter having any more "false idols". Richie tells her how much he looked up to her when they were younger, and how much he still looks up to her now. He returns home to his bathtub, and attempts to continue what he started in the beginning but Maggie interrupts him with a phone call again, this time on nicer terms.
At the isolated home of Sarah Pierce and her paraplegic daughter Nica, a mysterious package arrives in the mail containing Chucky - Sarah throws the doll in the rubbish, unimpressed by the doll. That night, Nica awakens to Sarah's screaming and finds her stabbed to death with a pair of scissors - the death is ruled as a suicide. The next day, Nica is visited by her older sister, Barb, alongside her husband Ian, daughter Alice, their live-in nanny Jill, and Father Frank, a priest, to help support her. Nica and Barb argue over whether to sell the house to afford Alice's private school, meanwhile Alice discovers Chucky and bonds with him.  That night, Nica and Alice cook chili con carne for dinner, but Chucky secretly spikes one of the bowls with rat poison. Father Frank eats the poisoned chili, gets sick, and excuses himself to drive home - later that night, Frank is killed in a traffic collision alongside two other civilians. Meanwhile, as the family watch films from when Sarah was pregnant with Nica, Nica recognizes Charles Lee Ray in the footage. Alice loses track of Chucky and asks Jill to look for her, during which it is revealed that Barb and Jill have an affair.  Nica finds Chucky and returns her to Alice, but she reveals that Chucky has been talking to her about death. Concerned, Nica researches Chucky and finds that he was sent from an evidence depository, and discovers news reports of all his previous murders as well as Andy Barclay's lawsuit against Good Guys - a thunderstorm cuts the phone lines soon afterwards. Meanwhile, as Barb and Jill have a video call from across rooms, Chucky sneaks into Jill's room and spills a bucket of rainwater onto a power socket, fatally electrocuting Jill and cutting the power.  Barb leaves to investigate, but awakens Ian, who reveals he placed a hidden camera in Chucky and knows of their affair. Nica attempts to warn Barb of Chucky's true nature, but she accuses him of being in league with Ian and brushes her off. Investigating Chucky in the attic, Barb discovers a kitchen knife hidden in Chucky's shirt and a peeling layer of silicone covering his scars from Bride of Chucky - in response, Chucky reveals himself and kills Barb, gouging her eye out with the knife.  Nica sees Barb's corpse thrown down the stairs, and awakens Ian to warn him - he leaves her in the garage while he searches for Alice, but Chucky sneaks inside and begins revving the car's exhaust, hoping to suffocate her with the fumes. Nica breaks the car window with an axe to stop Chucky, but Ian finds Nica with the axe and believes she is the killer. Nica is unable to take the strain and has a heart attack, passing out - she awakens bound in Ian's room, who inspects Chucky's nanny cam. Ian discovers Chucky's interactions with Alice just as he attacks them, knocking Ian to the ground and hacking his jaw off with the axe.  Nica is able to free herself from her bonds, and struggles with Chucky before being thrown off of the balcony in the main hall - she survives, but is unable to move without her wheelchair. Asking Chucky why he killed her family, he explains that as Charles Lee Ray, he was a friend of the Pierce family and obsessed over Sarah - he murdered Nica's father and kidnapped Sarah, presenting her flowers (which she would later compulsively paint), but was discovered by the police. Believing Sarah led them to him, Charles stabbed her in the stomach, resulting in Nica's paraplegia, and escaped, leading to his death as depicted in Child's Play (1988).  Nica stalls Chucky by mocking him about his inability to kill Andy Barclay, enabling her to grab Chucky's knife and stab him. Chucky flees the house as Officer Stanton, who discovered Frank's death, arrives in the house - seeing Nica holding the bloody knife in the elevator, she is arrested; Nica is found guilty of the murders in court and remanded to a mental asylum. Later, as Stanton leaves to deliver Chucky to an unknown buyer, he is murdered by Tiffany Valentine (still possessing Jennifer Tilly's body), who takes Chucky and mails him to Alice, who is now living with her grandmother. After smothering the grandmother to death with a plastic bag, Chucky begins his voodoo chant to transfer his soul into Alice's body.  In a post-credits scene, Chucky is mailed to Andy Barclay, now an adult after graduating from military school. As Andy is on the phone to his mother, Chucky cuts his way out of the package, but Andy catches on and blows Chucky apart with a shotgun.
Mallory is a young bride-to-be on her way to Denver for her wedding rehearsal. She video chats with her sister, Ella, on her way there. Ella tells her that she hasn't bought her plane tickets yet because she wants to make sure Mallory is actually in love and happy with her decision. Mallory responds by telling her she is happy in a fake voice and hangs up. A few minutes later, her car breaks down. She tries calling AAA, but has no service.  While Mallory tries changing her clothes near the back of the car, she spots a man, Christian. She tells him her situation. He gets her car started for her and she starts to drive away but, out of guilt, stops and offers him a ride.  Along the way, he starts acting odd. He talks about how fate brought them together and it was meant to happen like this. He then tells her how she couldn't "deepthroat his huge cock". She stops and tells him to get out but he pulls out a knife and tells her to drive. She notices his seat belt is off and tries to kill him by speeding towards a guardrail near a curve. They crash violently. Mallory wakes up to find the car upside down. She unhooks her seat belt, but can't get out as her leg is pinned in the seat. Christian slowly wakes up and tells her she needs to get herself out of this one and leaves her.  Mallory puts on a hoodie and drinks the last bit of her water bottle. The following morning, Christian comes back and eats and drinks in front of her. He tells her how fate is a funny thing. That night, rats come in and slather around her. She kills one of them and eats a strip of its meat and drinks her own urine. Christian comes back and tells her how he's holding a family hostage. He then gives her a saw. At first, Mallory thinks he gave it to her to cut through the door, but he tells her he doesn't expect it to and how if she doesn't cut off her leg, she's going to die.  That night a huge rainstorm hits and Christian comes to say his goodbyes but she attacks him and throws his car keys outside to where he can't find them. A police car pulls up from the curve and the officer tells Christian he'll give him a ride. He hears Mallory's scream but thinks he's imagining things and drives away with Christian.  As the car starts to flood, Mallory starts trying to cut her leg off, but barely makes a few superficial cuts before her leg comes free due to the assistance of the flood. She goes to the cabin where Christian says he was. She witnesses him killing the police officer and sees that he has killed the homeowners but is keeping their daughter Katie as a hostage. Mallory aims a gun that she found and tells him that she will shoot him if he moves. He attacks Mallory as Katie flees. Mallory struggles with Christian before finally pushing him off of a second-story balcony. He falls and crushes his leg in a bear trap. She limps downstairs and gives him his knife and tells him that she is going to give him the same chance that he gave her. Christian succumbs to his wound and dies. Mallory limps down the road with Katie as the front door slams shut.
Taylor Hillridge is a teenage girl who lives in St. Louis, Missouri, with her single mother, Kris, and her younger brother, Eric. She is close friends with two other girls, Samantha Caldone and Cheyenne Mortenson. Earlier, Taylor made a seemingly innocuous comment to one of her classmates, Lindsay Fordyce, to which Lindsay took great offense.  For her 17th birthday, Taylor is given a computer by her mother. At first, Taylor is excited by the independence of going online without her mother always watching her. Meanwhile, her crush, Scott, asks her to the dance, to which she says yes. Cheyenne is happy for her, but Samantha does not like Scott because she previously went out with his friend, who later dumped her after he had sex with her. Taylor soon finds herself the victim of cyberbullying when she becomes a member of a social website named Cliquesters.  Things begin to go wrong when Eric hacks into her account and writes "I'm a naughty girl, somebody should spank me" on her profile, having been angry at her when she refused to let him use the laptop. She condemns him for the hacking and Eric is then severely punished by Kris. Students at school write horrid comments about her and she becomes afraid to face her friends at school. Taylor also meets a boy named James online and thinks he is just being nice, but winds up spreading a rumor that Taylor slept with him and ended up giving him "the clap". Taylor gets pegged as a "slut" and "whore" as a result of the bullying. The abuse that Taylor receives from the hands of her schoolmates pushes her to a breaking point. Scott also tells Taylor that he cannot take her to the dance because of an excuse that obviously sounds made up (that his mother is forcing him to take another girl) and Cheyenne and Samantha begin to turn their backs on Taylor.  Overcome with depression, Taylor posts a video online saying that she can no longer live with herself. Samantha sees this and quickly goes to Taylor's house and finds her trying to commit suicide by overdosing with pills, but cannot get the cap off; in the ensuing scuffle, the pill bottle spills on the floor, scattering pills over the bathroom floor. Taylor is then sent to a hospital. Taylor's mother learns of the incident and takes on the school system and state legislation to prevent others from experiencing the same problem as her daughter. Taylor's mother recommends that she go to a support group and obtain help. Meanwhile, Samantha finds Scott at a cafe and insults him for leaving Taylor. Taylor finds that Caleb, one of her classmates who is gay, is going through the same exact thing, only he is targeted for his sexuality. Taylor finds support in the group and deals with the bullying much better. Samantha confesses to Taylor that she was the one who created the "James" profile and set Taylor up. Samantha feels guilty and becomes a victim of cyberbullying herself. Taylor finds out about this and tells her about her support group and eventually forgives Samantha, rekindling their friendship.  Samantha and Taylor return to school, where they are quickly teased by Lindsay in the cafeteria. Samantha urges Taylor to ignore her, but Taylor does the opposite and confronts Lindsay, calling her out for her online abuse. Scott, Cheyenne and Caleb appear and side with Taylor, condemning Lindsay for her bullying. Their actions are received well with other students present in the cafeteria, who spread the word about Taylor's courage and Lindsay's misdeeds, eroding Lindsay's support within the student body. Meanwhile, the state legislature passes a bill criminalizing cyberbullying, which is then signed into law in honor of Taylor and all victims of bullying.
Aiden Ashley's life is torn apart thirteen years ago, when an online stalker tracks down her home and murders her parents. The stalker fled the crime scene without revealing his face to Aiden.  As a consequence, she shuns the Internet for the next thirteen years, attending therapy sessions and living in seclusion. She breaks this life situation after her friend and art dealer, Winton Cornelis, convinces her to hold a public art gala showcasing her own work. The event marks a significant turn in her life when she becomes romantically involved with a guest, Paul Rogers.  Meanwhile, Detective James Page continues to investigate the case of Aiden's parents' murder and recent cyber-stalking. Page hires cyber-security whiz Jack Dayton to research Aiden's life. Dayton makes the discovery that her stalker is still at large, following her undetected, and installing hidden cameras in her home.  Suspicion turns to Aiden's art dealer, with the discovery of financial transactions to his bank accounts from hers. Aiden's love interest Paul's troubled past is also revealed. Detective Page's own involvement appears curious, as he is the only one meticulously following a cold case after thirteen years. As things progress, Aiden's stalker becomes more desperate to be a part of her life while she is determined not to let him blow her life apart again.  Eventually, Jack Dayton is revealed to be the stalker and murderer of Aiden's parents, and in an ensuing confrontation, Aiden denounces Dayton for his actions and rejects his love, breaking his heart, and Dayton is ultimately shot dead by Detective Page.OFFLINE PROMOTIONAL  Mischa. B. 4 December 2011
Jamie (Catherine Keener) informs her ex-husband John (John C. Reilly) that she is getting married. Even though they have been apart for seven years, the news devastates John, who was already depressed. At a party the next night, John gets more and more drunk until he ends up urinating in the bushes, where Molly (Marisa Tomei) strikes up a conversation. Molly goes back to John's house but leaves during the night, after they have had sex. Molly returns for dinner the next night, and again leaves after they have had sex. John follows her to her house and falls asleep in his car. The next morning, he approaches the house and meets Molly's 21-year-old son Cyrus (Jonah Hill). Cyrus invites John inside and makes friendly conversation with him. Molly is startled to see John in her house when she returns, but the trio have dinner together. John is unnerved by the unnatural intimacy between Molly and Cyrus.  The next morning, John cannot find his shoes, which he had left in the living room. Through the day, he gets increasingly disturbed by their disappearance and starts to worry that Cyrus is messing with him. He ropes Jamie into meeting Molly and Cyrus, in order to appraise his paranoia. Jamie finds Cyrus sweet, if a little overly intimate with his mother. Relieved, John returns for another night at Molly's home. As they begin to have sex for the first time in her house, Cyrus screams in his room, and Molly runs to comfort him. She does not return to John, who goes out looking for her in the middle of the night. He encounters Cyrus holding a large kitchen knife, allegedly making a snack. Cyrus says he had a night terror, and that Molly has gone to sleep. He then advises John to back off on the relationship because he is scaring off Molly. John leaves a note for her and goes home. In the morning, Cyrus sits Molly down and tells her that John had confessed to him that she was coming on too strong. When she presses Cyrus for details, he explodes in a tantrum and storms off, checking through the window to make sure that she is upset. When Cyrus finally comes home, he explains that he has rented a room and will be moving out. After a few happy days alone together, John decides to move in with Molly.  One night, as they begin to have sex, Cyrus surprises them and says that he has had another panic attack and wants to return home. John confronts Cyrus privately, and Cyrus admits that he has been deliberately sabotaging their relationship. He moves back home, and John remains wary of him. The night before Jamie's wedding, he warns Cyrus not to cause trouble. At the wedding, however, Cyrus is hurt when he sees how the event stirs romantic feelings between John and his mother. Drunk, he confronts John in the bathroom and attacks him, yelling that John will not take his mother away from him. As John defends himself, they spill out of the bathroom, into open view. Cyrus makes it look like John attacked him. John advises Molly to open her eyes, and storms off, furious.  Later, Molly believes John's explanation, but John will not continue the relationship, convinced that Cyrus will sabotage it and that he will end up alone in a few years. He moves into a cheap apartment. Molly confronts Cyrus about his behavior, and describes how unhealthy their intimacy has become. In the following days, Molly is depressed due to John's absence and how the relationship ended. Cyrus, realizing how much John meant to Molly, reconsiders his position and visits John, begging him to come back. John refuses to come back and yells at him about his behavior. John opens his door to see Cyrus crying, and they reconcile. John takes Cyrus home and decides to continue his relationship with Molly.
The film tells over the Beltway sniper attacks, the crimes of John Allen Muhammad and Lee Malvo.Terrifying in All the Wrong Ways: D.C. Sniper Review
D4 follows a team of special ops mercenaries on a mission to rescue a kidnapped kid believed to be held in an abandoned government facility. Hired by the boy's mother, a wealthy doctor with high reaching influence, all seems to be an easy job. But as things unfold, what was meant to be a simple search and rescue turns into a fight for survival.
The film opens with an unnamed dancer (Charles "Lil Buck" Riley) dancing in various locations around Brooklyn during the credit sequence.  From there, the plot follows Dr. Hess Green (Stephen Tyrone Williams), a wealthy African-American anthropologist and art collector who acquires a dagger originating in the ancient Ashanti Empire, a highly advanced civilization that, Green claims, became addicted to blood transfusions. That night, Lafayette Hightower (Elvis Nolasco), an emotionally unstable colleague from the museum which acquired the dagger, visits Green's impressive, African-art covered Martha's Vineyard mansion. The two cordially discuss history and philosophy, but once Green has retired for the evening, Hightower becomes drunk and climbs a tree with a noose, claiming he wants to commit suicide. Green successfully talks him down, but later that night Hightower attacks and stabs Green with the Ashanti ceremonial dagger, killing him. Sometime later, Green is shocked to awaken—unscathed. He hears a gunshot and, upon discovering that Hightower has killed himself, he instinctively drinks Hightower's blood. He discovers that he is invulnerable to physical harm, can no longer tolerate normal food and drink, and has an insatiable need for more blood. Though he steals several bags of blood from a doctor's office, he quickly finds that he needs fresh victims. The first is a prostitute Lucky Mays (Felicia Pearson) who, shockingly, reawakens—only after he has discovered that her blood is HIV-positive. After a period of tension, it is determined that he has not contracted the virus.  Soon, Hightower's estranged ex-wife, Ganja Hightower (Zaraah Abrahams), arrives at Green's house searching for her ex-husband, who owes her money. Green and Ganja quickly become lovers, and she moves into Green's expansive mansion. He departs "on business" and kills Sahara Paysinger, a young woman with a baby (Jeni Perillo) whom he meets in a public park in Brooklyn. While Green is away, Ganja unwittingly discovers her ex-husband's corpse—frozen in his wine cellar—she is initially angry, but after Green explains what happened and tells her that he loves her, she agrees to marry him. On the honeymoon night, he stabs her with the Ashanti dagger so that she will share immortality with him. Ganja is initially horrified by her new existence, but Green teaches her how to survive. He brings home an old female acquaintance Tangier Chancellor (Naté Bova), for Ganja's first kill. Ganja seduces and then strangles Tangier. Ganja and Hess bury Tangier's body, even though, like Lucky from before, her "corpse" reawakens.  Green tells Ganja he is tired of this life and eventually visits a Red Hook church where he is moved by an energetic musical performance and approaches the altar to have the pastor lay hands on him. Meanwhile, back at home, Ganja murders Green's loyal domestic servant Seneschal Higginbottom (Rami Malek). When she searches for Green to confess, she finds him in the shadow of a cross, dying. Green dies in her arms, glad to be at peace. Ganja, though saddened by his death, lives on, presumably continuing her vampire-esque lifestyle. At the movie's closing, we see her walk out to the beach and gaze out into the water. Tangier appears, still naked, approaches her then turns and they stand side by side facing the horizon.
Nineteen year old Maya lives at home with her mother and step-father.  She is a very unhappy artist who wants to go to art school in Florence, Italy.  Simon is a drug addict doctor who has fantasy sex with Jasmine who dresses up as a little girl.  Simon has a dinner with his father each year on his dead mother's birthday.  She died 11 years ago.  Maya and Jasmine meet on-line and have a same-sex relationship.  Maya moves in with Jasmine.  Jasmine continues her heterosexual affair with Dr. Simon.  The doctor has set up a child's bedroom in his garage and pays Jasmine $5,000 a month.  Maya is almost hit by a driver who is Simon.  It turns out that Simon is Maya's father that she has not seen in six years.  Maya's mother has lied to her about her father not wanting contact with her and has been spending the child support.  Simon and Maya rekindle a relationship.  One day Simon sees his daughter and Jasmine in a sexual embrace.  He realizes that his lover is in an affair with his daughter.  He ends his relationship with Jasmine and Jasmine in turn breaks up with Maya.  When Simon offers to pay Maya to go to school in Italy, she figures out Jasmine was her father's lover.  The triangle love affair is exposed.  Maya goes to art school in Florence and is successful in selling her art clothing.  One day she sees a woman in Florence wearing her clothing line and the film ends with them being friends.
Mild-mannered radio executive Brad Whitaker tries hard to be a good stepfather to his wife Sara's two children, Megan and Dylan, and is seemingly sterile after an accident to his testicles three years ago. The kids are finally getting closer to him: Dylan confides in him about some older bullies at school and Megan asks him to take her to the father/daughter dance at her school.  One night, however, Dusty Mayron, Sara's ex-husband and the kids' biological father, calls discovering Sara's married to Brad, and announces he will be visiting the next day. She hesitates to let him into their home, but Brad convinces her it is important for the kids to see their father and stepfather establish a respectful relationship.  When Dusty arrives, he immediately intimidates Brad by his tough and muscular appearance and his charm with Megan and Dylan. He talks Brad into letting him stay, despite Sara warning about his true nature. Brad soon wises up when it becomes clear he intends to drive Brad out of his kids' lives and reconcile with Sara. After Dusty shows him up repeatedly - getting the kids a dog and finishing a treehouse Brad had been building with Dylan, he makes Brad seem racist after unwillingly firing handyman Griff after a fiasco with Dusty's motorcycle.  Dusty tries to drive a wedge between Brad and Sara by taking them to a fertility doctor, hoping that Brad's inability to impregnate her will send her back into Dusty's arms. Still, the two men appear to reach an understanding after working together to teach Dylan how to defend himself from the bullies. Additionally, the couple is overjoyed to learn that Brad's sperm count has increased significantly, giving them hope of having a child together.   However, Brad is stunned when Dusty reveals that he still intends to drive him out of the family. Desperate, Brad spends tens of thousands of dollars on gifts, including a pony for Megan, and $18,000 tickets to an NBA game for Dylan. At the game, Dusty once again shows him up by revealing himself to be friends with the coach of Dylan's favorite team, the Los Angeles Lakers. Brad is even more enraged when he learns that Megan has changed her mind, and has chosen Dusty to take her to the daddy/daughter dance instead of him. Sara is upset with Brad for his behavior, and the rest of the family sits without him.   During half-time, Brad is chosen to try to shoot a basketball to win a prize. Drunk, he goes on a rant about Dusty before accidentally hitting a cheerleader, and a disabled child in a wheelchair in the face with a basketball. Humiliated, Brad moves out of the house; however, when Dusty tries to comfort Sara, she rejects him, and forces him to step up as a father to help his children with their busy schedules.  Four days later, Brad is living in his office at work, depressed. Dusty, meanwhile, is overwhelmed by the responsibilities of being a full-time father. When Dusty decides to call it quits and leave on the day of Megan's dance, Griff convinces Brad to fight for his family. Finding Dusty at a bar, he tries to get him to come back. Dusty admits that he cannot handle the hard parts about being a father, and admires Brad for putting up with everything. Brad says that all of the terrible parts about being a dad are worth it, because in the end, he is doing it for his kids. This convinces Dusty to go to the dance, and they arrive together.   There, they discover that the students who were picking on Dylan at school are girls. They almost fight the father of one of the girls when Dylan physically retaliates, doing what Brad and Dusty taught him to do, under the impression that the bullies were boys. However, Dusty finally decides to follow Brad's lead on being a father, and instead quells the fight by starting a dance-off. Brad and Sara reconcile, and Dusty decides to stay and be a good "co-dad" to his kids.  One-year later, the whole family is happy; Brad and Sara have a new baby boy named after Griff, and Megan and Dylan have finally accepted Brad as their stepfather. Dusty is now a Panda DJ, has become wealthy, and he and Brad are now friends.  Dusty remarries to Karen, who has a daughter Adrianna, thus making Dusty a stepfather himself. Sara is immediately intimidated by her. In an ironic twist of fate, Dusty is now in exactly the same position that he put Brad in a year ago – visibly intimidated by his stepdaughter's more muscular father, Roger.
Finally friends, Brad Whitaker and Dusty Mayron co-parent Dusty's two children, Megan and Dylan, who take turns at each father's house. Dusty has remarried to Karen, a doctor/novelist, and is a stepfather to her daughter Adrianna. The men decide to have a joint Christmas rather than separate ones, after Megan embarrassingly admits she would prefer one "together Christmas".  Dusty's tough fighter pilot/Space Shuttle astronaut father Kurt and Brad's overbearing and cheerful father, Don, unexpectedly arrive for Christmas. Megan and Dylan warmly embrace Don, as he is very present in their lives, while Kurt hasn't seen them since they were toddlers. From his envy of the affection the children show Don, Kurt rents a large cabin through Airbnb, to house them all through the holiday week.  Brad and Dusty's co-parenting is put to the test by Kurt's meddling. Dusty's beef with Kurt mainly stems from the fact that he was rarely there for him as a child. Especially painful was when, during a youth Glee Club recital he embarrassed himself by missing his solo part when Kurt left to make out with a woman during his part. Sara, meanwhile, tries to bond with Karen, but is appalled by her shoplifting clothes from a store and not caring if Adrianna and Megan drink alcoholic eggnog. She later becomes concerned Don isn't with his wife, who he claims couldn't come as she was staying home to take care of her ill brother.  Dylan develops a crush on a little girl staying in the cabin next door, causing Megan and Adrianna to constantly tease him in front of her. Brad gives him some "advice", and Dusty interjects when he thinks Brad is having what looks like "the talk" with Dylan, although they had agreed to do it together. As the trees on the Christmas tree farm are small, Kurt suggests they illegally go on to private property to cut one down. Brad mistakes a cell phone tower for a tree and is electrocuted.  After bowling, the family takes the kids to see Santa. There, Kurt tries to convince Dylan to ask Santa for a shotgun, but Don talks him out of it. Megan, however, wants one instead and is granted permission after Kurt makes a sexist comment. Out hunting the next day, Megan accidentally shoots Kurt in the shoulder, sending him to the hospital. While Kurt is down, she shoots two turkeys, surprising him. Sara confronts Brad over Don's odd behavior, but he refuses to believe her.  Brad, Dusty, Don and Kurt go to an improv comedy club, where they have a good time until Kurt picks up a woman at the bar, annoying Dusty. Brad enters Don into the improv show, and Dusty chooses the topic of a husband confronting his cheating wife as the subject of the skit. As it progresses, it is revealed that Don and his wife are divorced, much to Brad's shock. Sara comforts Don about his divorce, but when Dusty reveals his part in the skit, Don and Brad become furious and Dusty and Brad's relationship becomes strained. Brad, attempting to get back at Dusty, invites Adrianna's father, Roger, who intimidates Dusty.  The entire family takes part in a live nativity. Brad fights with Dusty because he wants to play Joseph. A drunken Megan begins to swear, and an equally drunk Adrianna falls from her platform, then the crowd breaks up. Instead of Dusty fighting Brad, he almost fights Roger, and Don is repeatedly hit in the face with ice-balls.  On Christmas Day the families, depressed from all the arguing, pack up to leave. On their way out of town, they are forced back due to a blizzard, taking shelter at a movie theater. They see Missile Tow, a holiday action comedy film starring Liam Neeson. When the power cuts off during the movie, everyone goes to the lobby where each man confronts his father about his secrets, lies, and attitudes, and reconcile.  Remembering advice given to him by Kurt, Dylan walks toward the girl he has a crush on to kiss her, but instead kisses Adrianna. Kurt pushes Dusty to stand up to Adrianna and punish her for her recent behavior, but he instead tells her he loves her. He then tells Roger that loving Adrianna means loving her real father as well as he is also part of the family. Roger almost leaves without Adrianna. However, he has a change of heart after everyone breaks out into a song of "Do They Know It's Christmas?" (during which the power comes back on) and he decides to stay.  At the airport, Don and Kurt are preparing to head back to their respective homes where Kurt reveals to Don that he switched out the tickets and they are going to spend New Year's together in Las Vegas. As Brad's mother arrives, Dusty and Brad discover Brad's new stepfather is Sully Sullenberger, pilot of the 2009 "Miracle on the Hudson" flight, and Dusty appears to be excited to meet him. However, an infuriated Brad runs down the terminal, screaming that Sully will never replace his father.
A secret government lab run by Dr. Stravinsky has been trying to create the ultimate killer using the DNA of infamous serial killers Jeffrey Dahmer and John Wayne Gacy. However, the two escape, and go on a killing spree across the United States. Trying to stop the maniacs is Ringo, a hick warrior being trained by God and armed with a shotgun and a bottle of whiskey; along with his own demons, Ringo faces an army of Japanese ninjas and a super serial killer.